Hey,
hey,
hey.
Heat.
Wow.
[laughter]
>> [music]
>> pop.
Pop top.
All right, y'all. We are live.
We are live on this beautiful What day
is it today? Wednesday, Monday, Tuesday,
who knows? Who even cares at this point?
Honestly, guys, who cares what day it
is? God bless everybody in the name of
Jesus Yeshua the Messiah. I do pray
y'all are super blessed in many ways. As
it looks like I'm having some audio
issues here. Looks like I'm having a
[music] few audio issues here.
Here's a picture of 61ita.
Let's see if I can't Let's see if I
can't
see if I can't fix the audio. There we
go. Yeah, that's about right. That's
what we need to do.
Yeah. Let's see if we can't fix the
audio here.
See if we can't get this fixed. You know
what the problem is? I'm signed out of
my audio app. You know, that's the
problem. You know, that's the problem.
Let's see if we can't fix this. All
right, let's see. Check this out.
Um
uh
um um um um
um um
um um. Man, I don't know, you know.
Yeah, there we go. That should be it.
That should be it.
Um Um
No, I can't find it, you know.
Try this. Let's try this.
Let's try this. H
I don't know. I guess we might just
[music] have to hear the treadmill the
whole time, man. You know,
might have to hear the treadmill the
whole time.
Big shout out to everyone in the chat.
God bless you all. It's good to see you
here. All right, we got the hood on
today. It's a little bit cold outside
today. We got the teriyak beats [music]
in the background. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing
like the teriyak beats in the
background. All right, big shout out to
Senor. Big shout out to Jo POV. Shout
out to Leto Flow. Shout out to Vary
Frederick. Guys, we have right now
$500,000
on a long trade in addition to another
on a long trade right [music] over here.
All right, we have a million dollar
long. A million. A million dollars. Here
we go. Another $500,000.
We are $1 million long, baby. This is
the most sensational thing I've ever
done. Keep in mind, this is a million
dollar on the line. This is serious
business.
All right? [music]
So, smash up the likes if you like
serious business and serious YouTube
content.
All right? because this is this is
pretty wild. We got the Shasta Shang
Shanghai teriyak [music] chicken beats
in the background.
You know what? Let's check this out.
Let's put back on that first song. I
like this first song. All right. Um this
is this is going to get me copyright hit
by the way. We're going to be talking
about the Bitcoin price action. Make
sure to smash out the likes, everyone.
[music] All right.
People say we have good audio. Yeah, I
know we have [music] good audio, but the
problem is
the problem is let me try this again.
The problem is, you know,
my noise [music] filter isn't working.
You know, that is a problem. That can be
a [music] problem. So, we might hear the
treadmill in the background. The Bitcoin
price is attempting to get a bounce from
the low of this range right now, guys.
All right, check it out.
We have this low over here.
This low [music] back here from about
79135.
All right. 79135.
And we are attempting [music] right now
to get a fake out of the low. Now, if we
put on market cipher B, what do we see?
My goodness. My goodness. Would you look
at what I see? Do you guys see what I
see here? The money flow getting higher.
The momentum waves getting higher.
Looking like a beautiful uneven butt
cheek pattern with [music] a big fat
juicy left cheek full of gravy, full of
ravioli. The kind of butt cheek you just
want to poke with a pin, squeeze out the
gravy, put it on a nice slice of avocado
toast and call it a day. Then of course
the right side, skinny butt cheek.
Extremely skinny, just like the good old
waitress at the diner [music] coming out
smoking her cigarette like it's 1985. We
can clearly see from the picture [music]
as the price is getting lower, the butt
cheeks are getting higher, the tip money
is in the right hand side, and the price
goes up just like the cigarette smoke.
We are currently up right now $1,700.
[music]
All right. Now,
is this trade going to play out? I don't
know. I don't know. I honestly don't
know. Okay. But here's the thing. All
right. Here is the thing that I think we
should all be aware of
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord. Man,
I've been keeping people updated on my
trades, right? I've been doing my best
in the community to keep everybody
updated on the trades I am taking here.
So,
check it out.
Check it out. I'm in here. I'm in my
channel over here in the Discord. I'm
letting people know when I've taken the
long trades. We're long in bottoms.
We're [music] short in tops. All right.
This morning, what did we do? We took a
little scalp trade in here as well. All
right. This morning, we added on the
CDW. [music] Added to the long trade,
took another little profit. All right.
Over the Sunday, we took a juicy short.
When was that? When was Sunday? Where's
the short trade we took? Yeah, right
here. On [music] the 10th, we took a
juicy short trade. That short is
currently open still. All right. We
shorted it. Eventually, we got the drop
and you know, we got the big drop and I
have I have officially now closed half
of that short. We're up 10 grand. Still
have another five grand in the trade.
And now we're seeing, remember that
short trade that we took, [music] guys,
was from up here on Sunday. I've now
added to my trade. Put my stop loss
here. Closed half of it down here at the
bottom of the range. And now we're going
to see if this long trade is going to
take us back up [music] toward the top
of the range. All right, that is what
we're going to see. We've come to the
bottom. key support [music] resistance
flip. I mean, we could just tell by
looking at this this level here. Again,
this is not financial advice. I'm not a
financial adviser, but look at this.
Like, we just have this really [music]
nice support resistance zone right here
going all the way back to the 22nd of
April. Then once again over here on the
26th of April and then once again over
[music] here on the 1th of May. And then
the 2nd of May. I mean the twoth the 1th
and the 2th of May, the 3th [music] of
May, the 4th of May, and then of course
the 8th of May. And now we're trying to
get a bounce. We're up eight $1,800.
All right, I've got $500,000 on the
position right now. $500,000 on the
position. Another $500,000 [music]
over on the other account. All right,
this is a knife catch. We're trying
Well, it's actually not really knife
catch here. We got ourselves about a.5%
stop loss on this baby. Yeah, about a.5%
stop here. So, it's not really a knife
catch, but let's see what happens as the
price is starting to get a move to the
upside. We [music] want to take a look
at order flow. We want to take a look at
a lot of stuff here. We want to take a
look at We want to take a look at look
at We want to take a look at the look at
look at take a look at look at look at
everybody in the chat. Shout out to R
Pink. Shout out to Nightlife. Can you
imagine Jason Long 788 zone? I'm jumping
in. I don't care if I lost it. Shout out
to Drift Man. He says, "Yo, yo, good
morning people." Shout out to BTC.
Shout out to Jose. He says we're going
835 then 40k. OMG. Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine that? Look at this guys.
We are getting a pump right now. We are
getting a pump right now. Long on
Bitcoin. We got a million dollars in the
long right now. All right, we got 1
million to long. Let's go.
Uh, big shout out to Moski, Jason
Casper. Hello from Tunisia. Yes, this is
very serious content. Do I high expect
Bitcoin will hit 90? Well, I'm not high
and uh I could see it happening. Here we
go, baby. Bitcoin [music] launch off.
Bitcoin liftoff. Here we go, baby. Here
we go, baby. Here we go. Here we go.
Here we go, baby. Uh yeah, it's looking
kind of nice.
Uh uh. Here we go.
Bitcoin about to launch off.
Hey yo, here we go. [music] Bitcoin
about to launch off. Jes
like I've had enough. Don't you know we
about to sit down? I got the secret
sauce only taking wins. I'm never taking
loss. Now you I'm the trading boss. They
c [music] out here man. I got the flaws
between my feet on the milk. Taking
profits like you want to eat a pizza
from the tree between you and me. We got
the spreading on my just like green
cheese. They got me [music] begging baby
like the market saying got the cheese
[music] like we're taking pictures every
day. The Bitcoin price. Can you hear
her?
>> [music]
>> Keep coming up till you know we had
enough till we fill the gap at the top.
Then we start to jump like we're tough.
We got the three
[music] candles coming in.
Next thing you know about to take the
bear smack them on the [music] chin. We
got the four candles. They pumping up.
We going in.
Next thing [music] you know we about to
take the bears. Grab them by the head.
Smack them in the chin.
Yeah, we got the secret sauce.
The music's too loud. Sorry, guys. It's
cuz my [music] noise my noise filter is
not working. But here we go. We're
getting a pump. Let's [music] take a
look at the order flow. All right, this
is uh Market Monkey Terminal.
Market Monkey Terminal. Let's see what's
h Oh my goodness. Wow, man. Guys. Wow.
Oh, this is crazy. You guys hear that
bass though?
>> [music]
[music]
>> Man, this is a good beat right here.
This is a good beat.
[music]
>> [music]
>> These beats are too good for me. I I
don't think I'll be able to pay
attention.
[music] Okay, so you know what's crazy
about the order flow, guys?
The order flow. Here's what's so crazy
about the order flow. You can see that
we have a big, big, big increase right
here of trades opening up. Primarily,
we've had a lot of longs opening up.
First, we had a bunch of shorts opening
up. Now, we're getting longs opening up.
So, we have shorts trapped at this low.
Actually, looks pretty nice. Would you
look at this? We have about 460 million
shorts in this candle.
They're currently underwater.
Then we got ourselves here
more shorts. I mean, this whole way
down, we got shorts coming on in. Now
we're starting to get some [music] longs
coming on in.
Uh we might be able to pump, man. We got
a lot We got a lot of a lot of buyers
stepping in right here. Look at this.
110 million longs. Another 50 million.
Another 6 million. Another 35 million.
So what what do we got here? 200 [music]
350 million longs coming in. And look at
all the shorts that are still open. Man,
we could see [music] a squeeze of this.
I'm not saying it's going to happen, but
this whole way down, we have shorts
opening up. Look at the open interest on
the short side here. We have a steady
stream of shorts coming on [music] in.
Net shorts opening up the whole way
down. Now, we're starting to potentially
squeeze them out. Let's see what
happens. Can we get a fast pump? Can we
get a fast pump here? We're up $2,000
on the long trade
that I I told the Casper crew I was
entering in, you know. So,
I dip my toes in.
Dip my toes in.
All right. Dip my toes in. We're waiting
for the reclaim of 79142. Dip my toes
in. Once we start to reclaim that, I
start to build my little [music]
position here.
And we are currently up $2,200. Let's
see if we get the squeeze, baby. We're
looking for the squeeze of this channel
here. Hang on. I need to put on some
different music cuz this this is this is
too distracting for me. Guys, also I
need to do a a quick announcement. Blow
fin is giving away $2,000 today courtesy
of Blofin. We're doing a $2,000 giveaway
today. So, if you want to win the
$2,000,
what you got to do is create a Blowofin
account using my link. If you already
have one using my link, we're going to
do a raffle later this stream using your
user ID. If you start spamming the
channel with your user ID now, you will
be banned and you won't get a chance to
win. So, wait until we do the raffle.
But if you want to win in $2,000 of
prize money, go and sign up. Link in the
description to Blow Fin.
And now I'm going to see if I can get
the music back on.
Where's the music? Where's the music? Oh
no. I don't know if I could find the
music.
Let's see. I might be able to find the
music here.
Uh, no. I'm not going to be able to Oh,
wait. Is this it?
Yeah, this is it. Here we go. Nice. This
is the good music. This is the music
that [music] is good, but not so good
that I can't focus on the price action.
All right, so make sure if you want to
win the $2,000, you go on over to Blow
Fin, you click using my link. [music]
All right, big shout out to our super
chats in the house. First of all,
Medoski check 200 daily SMA. Last bare
market, it marked the lower high. Okay,
maybe we maybe we've made the lower
high, bro. I don't know. [music] Um but
um
but anyway, I'm I'm trading this range
here. All right, whatever the case is,
I'm trading this range here. I'm looking
for shorts [music] around this area
here, and I'm looking for longs around
this area here. All right. So whether or
not the bare market lower highs in, I
don't know. I don't know. And I don't
care as far as it pertains to these
trades here. You know, I don't care as
far as it pertains to these trades here.
But we will check it. [music] All right.
Let's check out the 200 day moving
average, the SMA 200 daily moving
average. And what do you know? We came
right up to it. Did we tap it? We didn't
tap it. We didn't tap it. [music] We did
not tap it. That is crazy. So, let's see
what happens. Let's go back to the last
bare market.
Last bare market.
Um, where was the last bare market
anyway? Down here.
It marked the lower high. Yes, it did.
It marked the lower high and then we got
a massive drop. Here's the big
difference between last time and this
time because there is a big difference
here. All right, we shouldn't get it
twisted. We [music] shouldn't get it
twisted. Here's the big difference
between this time and last time. All
right. Last time when we came up to that
200 day moving average that happened
over here, guys. All right. That
happened right over here. Last time, if
you look at the weekly money flow, we
were still in the blue.
We were still in the blue. We hadn't
purpled out at all. We hadn't gotten an
oversold big bottom. Now, money flow is
back into the blue from the purple.
Right? So, it's a little bit different
when we take a look at the monthly time
frame. Last time, last time we had
literally just confirmed the red dot. We
had not curved down below the zero line.
Now we're below the zero line. We're
potentially going to print a bottom next
month. So, it is a little bit different
this time. All right. I'm not saying the
bottom's in for sure. I'm not saying
that. All I'm saying is right now when
we look at market cipher and we look at
the momentum in the market, the momentum
is akin to what we were around here.
All right? and not akin to what we were
around here. You know, it's just a lot
more bottomed out than it was last time
we hit that 200 SMA. Doesn't mean we
can't reject from the SMA. I'm just
saying last time that was a lower high
and then we ended up with a massive
drop, right? We're talking a drop the
likes of uh let's see here from that
lower high. We came another almost 70%
from there. So, if we're going to come
another 70% from here this time, that is
going to put us at about um
around $25,000,
which I just don't
don't feel like uh we're going to have a
drop like that right now. you know, my
my hope is a $40,000 Bitcoin as I've
made clear, but as we are potentially,
you know, historically speaking and and
this is important as we are up $2,500,
guys, from the long trade given in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord. [music]
All right, set up given in advance
and I keep my community updated. All
right, I let my community know. I took
three trades today. Two wins and one
loss. Two wins and one loss
today. And so far this week, what did we
take? We took four. We took five. Wait,
hang on. One, two, three, four. We took
five trades
with four wins.
I think we took five trades with four
wins. All right, these are trades I'm
giving the community in the moment. All
right, jason caspertrading.com.
Look at this. We're up 2,500 bucks right
here. Let's see what we can get from
this. Let's see what the market can give
us here. All right. Of course, the short
trade as well on May 10th. Currently up
15 grand on the short trade, guys. Just
just these last five trades we've taken
this week in the Casper crew, man. If
you're in the Casper crew, you should be
in some serious profit right now. All
right, just throwing that out there. But
yeah, I mean I'm not saying we can't get
a drop, but in all honesty, um, if this
month confirms a green dot, when we look
historically here at the weekly money
flow, once it curves back into the blue
from the red, that is like when it's
when
sadly, and I I don't want this to be
true. I don't want this. Let me let me
just say I want lower Bitcoin prices,
but historically, the money flow turns
purple and that's when you start to buy.
And as soon as that money flow curves
back into the blue,
that's kind of like where that the
bottom's kind of kind of there, right?
And for CO, we got a double bottom. The
time before that, we didn't get a double
bottom after the money flow curved into
the blue. My hope here, guys, my honest
hope here is that we do get a double
bottom here because this does not look
healthy. Just in general, this blow does
not look healthy. Okay, not at all. I
would love to come back down and tap
60K. I would love to come lower, but um
it does look more bullish now than it
did the last time. We're at the 200 uh
SMA on the daily time frame. It does
look a little bit more bullish, but this
could be a this could be a significant
top here. All right, which is obviously
why I'm in short trades, holding short
trades. I'm still short from 97,000. I'm
currently in a short now from I guess
like 814.
And the way I'm looking at this Bitcoin
price action essentially is this.
Right now we are coming up to
this guy right here. All right, this is
a Fibonacci golden pocket. If we can get
through this, we could have significant
followthrough. We could come up to
around uh the next major volume points
of these ranges here. This is the index.
Um let's put it on buy bit and take a
look at if we can reclaim this golden
pocket where I see the Bitcoin price
going is honestly probably around 96 to
$100,000. Because this golden pocket is
not just the golden pocket, but it's
also the value area low of this macro
range here. So, if we're coming above
this, we should expect a big move to the
upside because we don't really have any
nice resistance until that high volume
node. Not only that, if we take the
Fibonacci from the high to the low and
switch this to log scale, you can see
that that high volume node is in fact
the Fibonacci golden pocket as well. So,
this is the doorway, guys, to close to
$100,000.
And we have to wait and see what happens
here, obviously. All right. We got to
wait and see what happens here,
obviously. All right. Come on, Biddy.
What's the Bitcoin price going to do
now? [snorts]
What's she going to do now? All right,
let's see if we can't get a little
something. A little something. All
right, [music] we either need We either
want to pump or dump this thing. We're
coming up to this support resistance
flip right here.
All right, we're coming up to this this
baby right around here. Let's see if we
can hold above this or if we lose. Can
we hold above or will we lose?
You better choose, Bitcoin. You better
choose. Big shout out to the super chat.
Mikey Mikey says someone said music too
loud and he DGAF LO. [music]
Love you Jay.
Oh, DJF doesn't he doesn't give a you
know what. Interesting.
>> [music]
>> Thank you for the super chat, Mikey.
Mike, shout out to P Software. I longed
here as well, but I was looking for 781
to 782 as it was the level. You think it
was a front run? Um, see, I don't know.
It could be a front run. And the reason
why I say it could be a front run is
because
we do have we do have some some Yeah,
782 down here is going to be our value
[music] area.
Uh, actually, I don't know that must
have been a mistake.
What? What were you looking at? 78.
What? What level did I just have? 782.
[music]
I have 785
as a level, which we kind of front run.
It was a weekly order block and a daily.
Yeah, we could have front run it. We
could have front run it. So, let's let's
do some lower time frame market cipher B
analysis. First of all, our 4hour time
frame right now. Let's put on MCB.
Guys, remember if you want to win $2,000
today, sign up using Blowofin and my
link and you'll be eligible for a raffle
to
win
$2,000. All right, so 4hour time frame
right now. O, I thought maybe we'd have
a bullish divergence, but we don't. All
right, we don't. The 4 hour doesn't look
that nice, to be honest.
The 1 hour could confirm right now a
really nice bullish divergence with
decrease of money flow. And a lot of
times the 1 hourly money flow [music]
being purple is the bottom. Right? So we
saw right here the bullish divergence
with the bearish money flow. That was
the [music] low that was happening back
on May 7th. So this could happen here
um with the bullish divergence on the 1
hour. The 24-minut looks really nice
right now. Like the 24-minute makes me
think we did not front run because one
of the one of the highest probability
signals you could possibly get is a bit
boy butt cheek divergence with money
flow. A big boy butt cheek divergence
with money flow means the first wave
prints the big Ben Armstrong green dot.
The second wave prints the big Ben
Armstrong green dot. You have the money
flow deep [music] and then shallow
uneven butt cheek pattern on the money
flow. All right, that is a very high
probability setup. Plus, you have the
typical divergence low and then higher
low right here. Ever so slight.
Nonetheless, if we connect the trend
line, we can see that it is a
divergence. All right, ever so slight.
So, this is a high probability signal
right here. And typically, when you're
getting this, it means the low is in.
All right, typically when you're getting
this, it means the low is in. That's a
really nice signal here. Okay, we go to
and it's confirmed by the way the
12minut this is where the 12minut starts
to look less convincing right because
the problem with the 12minut is the
money flow came down lower the second
time right so we have a divergence but
we don't have the bullish money flow so
the 12minut has room for another drop
and if we get that next drop [music] I
say you you were looking at 782
in the super chat
you were looking at 782 what do you have
at 782? I'm curious because I don't have
a level at 782. Let me see if I'm
missing something here.
What do you have at 782 that I don't
have?
You know, [music]
is it the value area? I don't know. I
don't know what you got that I ain't
got. What you got that I ain't got. But
I would say this. We have this daily
order block here. This [music] really
nice, juicy daily order block at 785,
right? That does look nice. So if we do
come down for another dip dippity doodah
[music]
this time maybe the money flow on the
12minut starts to look like this. Maybe
the uneven butt cheek pattern on the
12minut starts to look like this. And
then we could get the dippity dooah and
bounce from that next level down yander
yonder. Here we go baby. Bitcoin
pumping. We're up $3,000
3k.
Wow. Wow. Again guys we have a million
dollars on Bitcoin longs right now. I
got $55,000 here. I have another
$510,000
over here on the other trade, the swing
trade.
All right, got another $55,000.
All right, combined on longs, we're up
3K
plus another
29K. So, we're like up over 30K
unrealized. Got another 512K on the
trade here.
By the way, guys, all these trades were
given in the moment that I took them in
the Casper crew. All right, someone's
just on here trading a million dollars,
saying, "Haha, look at me.
I'm sharing this stuff in the moment."
All right, so let's see. Let's [music]
see. Sharing this stuff in the moment at
jasonaspertrading.com
where for less than $2.25 25 cents a
day. I'm keeping everyone up to date
with my trades as well as the other
instructors in there giving their trades
and their plans as well. Would you look
at this, guys? Would you look at this?
Here we go, baby. Here we go. We're
getting that move. We're starting to
squeeze the shorts. They're starting
Look, but they're still a lot open.
They're starting to be squeezed, but
they're still a lot open.
So, let's see if we can't continue to
squeeze them. Look at all the shorts
that opened up in this channel on the
way down here.
You know, it's [music] crazy.
They got a lot of shorts that opened
here. Look at them all. You can see them
here. And they're still open. We need to
start squeezing them like a fresh glass
of orange squeeze. Lemon squeeze, baby.
Just a quick reminder, we're giving away
$2,000 courtesy of Blow Fin today. If
you want a chance to win, you need to
sign up using my link in the description
of the video.
and [music]
your user ID will do a raffle at the
end. Don't spam the chat with your user
ID before I say [music] or you will be
banned. You will be banned from the
YouTube chat and then you won't get a
chance to win. In fact, you'll lose.
You'll get an invoice and you'll owe me
$2,000. Just kidding.
So, follow the rules. Don't be fools.
Follow the rules. Don't be fools. All
right.
$2,000 to buy your family jewels.
All right. Let's see here.
Big shout out to everyone here. Sam
Begman Fried Man boob pattern. You're
adding shorts like a madman right now.
Psalms 281.
[music] All right, man. You could do
what you want. I did add to my short as
well. I added to my short that we took
on Sunday from up here.
Obviously, I've realized a juicy profit
on it, [music] but I'm not I don't plan
to add or take profit on this short
anymore. This now in case we are going
to break down from this range, this
short now is going to be uh potentially
a swing short potentially back to 60K if
if we get there. So, you know, [music]
if you're adding shorts and you're
looking to short this whole chunk as a
swing short because we hit the macro
golden pocket on lock scale, I I I get
it. I [music] get it. I get it. But
for right now, I'm looking for a little
bit more upside here. Let's see because
our next resistance is going to be this.
We had the hourly order block support
resistance flip coming in around 797.
797. This was the long trade that we
took yesterday. Guys, yesterday we took
this long trade, man. Is this not crazy?
We took this juicy long trade yesterday
>> in the Casper Cru Discord and we locked
in that juicy profit.
Am I short right new? I am short right
new. The short trade is right here. I'm
in two shorts. I'm in a short from 97K
and I'm in a short from 81250.
All right. I'm in two shorts right new.
Yes, I am.
What's my first TP for the long?
Uh I don't know yet. [music] I don't
know yet. I got to wait and see here. I
got to wait and see. You know, honestly,
my first my my I'm I'm I'm looking at TP
on the long at like 83K. All right. 83K.
Let's see.
83,000. Let's see how much money I'll be
up there.
25K.
[snorts]
Yeah, let's wait until we're in the
juiciest profits. Right now, I'm just
kind of waiting and seeing here because
there is a potential that this is a nice
low. It's a really nice low here. A
really nice back test support resistance
flip. I've got a million dollars on the
trade. All right. So, um
I'm not in a rush to take profit because
my short trade is up right now. And so,
if this thing gets stopped out, eh, I
you know, I'm I'm still short. I'm I'm
not in a rush to to make the money here.
I'm not in a rush to make the money
here. you know, I've already got my last
few trades right here,
you know, 20 30 like 28 grand. 28 grand
in the last few trades here.
So, again, if this thing gets stopped
out, I'm not upset that I'm up 30 grand
in a week here. And if this thing does
get stopped out, what is it going to
stop me out for? Let's see.
about a $2,000 loss. So, $2,000 loss. By
that time, this short trade will be up
right now like $67,000.
So, I'm not I'm not in a rush to make
the money on it. But, I I am kind of
hoping that this is going to push us up
to
the $83,000 level. Like, that would be
my next target because if we're looking
at this as a sideways range, all right?
And it could happen. This this 1 hour
bullish divergence that could happen.
Okay? Please guys, this is not financial
advice. Bear in mind,
if I wasn't in other positions, I would
be quicker to take profit here. But keep
in mind, if this really is a sideways
range here with a really nice support
resistance flip where we're currently
trying to bounce now, what does it mean
is going to happen next? If we take the
low of the sideways range, it means
we're going to take the high, right? I
mean, this is just a perfect like
sideways range. Long the bottom, short
the top. Look for longs down here. Look
for shorts and take profits up here. I
am really looking for something like
this, guys. To be honest with you,
I'm looking for something like this.
And once we come up to that level, then
um yeah, and I think it looks pretty
good, too, honestly. But once we come up
to that level, then of course we are
dealing with the 618 fib pull from from
the high to low on non-log. [music] All
right, on non-log. So let's go to the 1
hour time frame here. I mean look at how
look how beautiful that confluence is
there. The macro golden pocket which we
front ran there. And after we front ran
what did we do? I mean we're forming
something like this right? I mean I
don't want to be that guy
and I don't want to be that guy
but I mean technically speaking this is
what they call a bull flag, right?
Technically speaking this is what we
call a bull flag. And the technical
target of the bull flag is 86.6.
And 86.6 is just so happens to be the
value area low of the range. So I mean,
you know [music]
that what they say, the trend is your
friend until the end, right? The trend
is your friend until the end of the
trend.
Come on, Bitty.
Come on, Bitty. Yeah, but we could get
another drop. But if we do get more
bulls. Um,
using your old stream room for a
nursery. [music] No. No. My old stream
room is being used for nothing right
now. It just has all my books, my Torah
scrolls, and all that stuff in there. I
have a treadmill in there and a walking
desk. But like, here's the thing. Uh,
I'd rather be outside in nature because
when I went to Cuba and I was streaming,
first I was streaming in a closet in
Cuba. I said, "Why am I in Cuba
streaming in a closet? let me go stream
outside in tropical paradise. So, I
started streaming in Tropical Paradise.
And now that I'm no longer in Cuba, but
I'm back in the US, I just like to see
the outside. It's so [music] nice. And
why not? Why not do it? You know,
there's nothing holding me back from
streaming in a garage. I mean, you guys
see the back of a dirty garage, but I'm
looking out at the at the beautiful
[music] mountain range, you know? So, I
wish you guys could see what I see.
Yeah, trend is your friend. All right.
4 hour broken low though. Not just swept
it. Let's check it out in the 4 hour.
[music]
Um, not yet, I would [music] say. Oh, I
guess yeah, the candle closed. I I see
what you're saying there. I see what
you're saying there. The 4 hour broke
the low, now I just swept it. What about
the 8 hour? O, you're okay. Well, what
about the 6 hour? All right, there you
go. The 6 hour looks good. We'll keep it
on the 6 hour now for our bullish uh our
bullish uh uh uh bias here. All right.
Now, we're trying to come up. Our next
level here is going to be 79 735. Can I
hear 79 735 for Bitcoin, baby? Come on,
let's go.
You know,
used to have a trend for a friend, but
it ended. That's sad. [music] The trend
is no one's friend. Dumptopia, says Tom
Bush. Sell the pumps easy, says Hopium
Copium. This is a slow, painful move to
the upside. I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
Is there a VIP discount?
No, there's not a VIP discount. Maybe.
And for Black Friday, [music] we'll do
50% off the first month. You guys have
to understand the VIP is super cheap.
It's less than $2.25 a [music] day. All
right. People spend more than that on
coffee. And honestly, for the amount of
value that you get, it's well worth $2 a
day. Like, it's [music] well worth $2 a
day. It's me, Boyan Thor, White Phoenix.
We're in there. We're live trading.
We're giving you our trades. You know,
obviously, it's not financial advice.
We're live streaming three times a day.
You get to get into the mindset of
professional traders.
Um, plus it's just an awesome group in
general. You get a free beginner course
in there. We do giveaways every single
month, guys. We're giving away literally
thousands of dollars every week. Every
single week, we're giving away hundreds
of dollars. Every month, we do games
where we give away thousands of dollars.
And I've got people to pay. I got to pay
people, right? Any cheaper than that, it
wouldn't be able to sustain itself. It
wouldn't be a We wouldn't I wouldn't be
able to keep it open. Like, I'm not even
kidding. All right. I got to be able to
keep it. I got to be able to pay
everybody that it takes to keep that
thing running as smooth as a baby's
bottom.
Look what I found. Some nice pine
needles.
Smells great. Smells great.
Why I'm in in a neutral position if I
think the market is bullish?
Um, I'm always pretty neutral, man. I I
don't know what's going to happen with
[music] the market. I'm always pretty
neutral. I'm very neutral. I'm trading
the range. I'm trading the sideways
range.
So, the way I trade, and if you want to
know exactly how I trade, I have a free
course. [music] Check it out on the
playlists. I'll go into why I long and
short at the same time and how I hedge
myself and how I manage open positions.
There's many reasons why I'm cycle why
I'm long and short right now. If that's
what you're asking, the reasons are
manifold. Number one, it's because no
matter what, I'm going to make money.
That's number one. And that's the most
important thing about trading. Protect
your capital and make money. Number two,
it's because the psychology, right? The
psychology. The psychology of the
trades. Guys, you have seen me make how
much money have I made in the last few
months here?
I've been able to hold swing trades for
a really long time, I've been able to
lock in
trades, multiple trades over $50,000
profit. The only way I'm able to do
that, [music] the only way I'm able to
hold trades that long without closing
them earlier is because I hedge myself
and I can go to sleep and rest easy
[music] knowing that if my juicy trade
that's up tens of thousands of dollars
gets a big reversal, I'm not going to
lose it all. Right? So, there are many
reasons for this.
Shout out to Preparing for War. Shout
out to Splash Films. Shout out to M5 M
5ounded Reel. First time in history.
You're longing Avac, a poo coin. Did we
break the bullish trend line? Uh, we
did. Uh, what trend line you talking
about here for Bitcoin?
>> This one here.
This channel trend line. Let's take a
look.
I mean, depends how you want to draw. If
you want to draw it like this, then yes.
If you want to draw it like this, then
yes, we broke it. Now, we could connect
these lows here and say we're holding
it, depending on how you want to draw
it. That's the thing about trend lines,
too.
You can fudge them to fit your agendas.
Yeah, maybe we broke it. Maybe we broke
it. I'm more so looking at this. All
right. [music] I am more so looking at
this right now. What is the most
important level? Obviously, we don't
need we don't need channels and trend
lines and all this stuff to just look at
the chart and see all right from all the
way from the end of [music] January last
year, this has been a very important
level. Therefore, if we are forming a
sideways range here with our lows around
here and our highs around here, within
the context of day trading, we should be
looking for longs here and we should be
looking for shorts up here. In the
context of day trading, this is the
sideways range here. Right? So, we have
to take it one step at a time. If we are
to lose this, [music] then what do we
say? Then we say now this is going to be
our major support resistance slip,
[music] right? This which was our
support in the 1st of February, our
resistance in the middle of March, our
resistance in the middle of April, our
support at the end of April.
Right? Then we're going to be looking at
this as our major support.
Right? We take it level to level. So I
don't consider trend lines like this one
as big of a deal
as I do these major horizontal levels.
Right? So this is not good.
But if this trend line is really
breaking down, we got to lose this
level, right? This is now our floor. We
lose this then more more downside is
possible all the way down to the [music]
mid-60s. We got to take it level by
level. All right. Now also as a day
trader guys you have to understand that
we are taking longs and shorts here all
the time every day. It doesn't really
matter what the high time frame is doing
when it comes to [music] trading. It
does not matter at all. It does not
matter at all. All right.
I mean in the last few days what do we
do? We shorted.
We longed.
Right. Made [music] in what most people
consider chop nothing. We made I've
made,
you know,
well over 10K
in just this action here, right? Doesn't
matter to me. Is is is it bullish? Is it
bear? I I don't know. It doesn't matter.
Right? So, as far as the day trading
goes, it doesn't matter, right?
But if we're going to be swinging
traders here, this could potentially be
a swing trade, guys. Like, this could be
a really [music] nice low. And if not,
then the next really nice low is
probably going to be around this area.
All right. And then of course, if we
lose that, then we're coming back down
inside the macro range. Then we would
wait for even lower levels. All right. I
would say actually this is probably
going to be our major important support
here, more precisely with the volume
profile.
And then if we're going to lose this,
then yeah, that opens us way back down
to the 60s big time. Big time. and we
lose value area high and it's it's over.
It's over. It's over for the next few
days, maybe next few weeks.
All right. So, we have to understand our
context here. Now, we do have some
bearish div confirmed on the daily here.
Money flow and momentum. So, a real high
very well could be in here. But at the
same time, there is definitely room for
us to come back up to the top of this
range just to take those highs and then
eventually do something like this,
right? There is room for that. There is
room to form more of a distribution
pattern here, right? A rounded top.
There's definitely room for that to
happen even with the bearish divs here
on the daily. So, it is rare that you
would frontr run a golden pocket like
what we did. All right. [music]
It is rare that you would frontr run a
golden pocket like what we did. Um, we
got some super chats in the house. James
Quick is eating a whole bunch of eggs.
That's what's up, man. I I had a whole
bunch of eggs today, too. Shout out to
Dennis Marv
who says, "DJ, are you in a mood enough
for a hottle buy song?"
[laughter] Yeah, I could do it for a
super chat, you know. [music]
You know, I when people ask me what I do
for a living, I say, "Well, people give
me money and they ask me to sing Hot or
Buy." They get the wrong idea about your
boy Jason Casper.
Big shout out to my man Evan Aldo. He
says, "What's up, Jason? I'm thinking
Bitcoin pulls back to 72 and then maybe
65. Well, yeah, I think so. If we uh if
we're going to lose this level here at
795 and especially if we lose 76K, then
I think uh 67 to 65 is the target. If
we're going to lose the value area high
of the range, this would be the target.
And that could be a nice low, assuming
um the low I don't think the low is in.
This could this would be an acceptable
double bottom for me, but I would love
if we're not going to confirm the
monthly dot, I would love to make a
lower low and at least come down to the
high50s at least. But yeah, we'll have
to wait and see. Evan Aldo, guys, if
you're not subscribed to Evan Aldo, Evan
Aldo, go subscribe to Evan Aldo. All
right, let's see. Evan Aldo,
let's check him out here.
Evan Aldo.
Here we go. Evan Aldo. Go subscribe,
guys. The real deal. All right. My man
Evan Aldo.
All right.
He's legit. I'm not just saying that.
He's legit. All right. He is legit. Here
we go, baby. We're at $4,000. We're
coming to our support resistance flip.
We're coming to the SR flip. Let's see
here. the hourly order block. We're up
$4,000.
Big shout out to Evan Aldo. Shout out to
Evelyn Neans. New sub. Just subbed to
Evan Aldo. Or did you just sub to me? Or
both? God bless you. Do I think the
Clarity Act vote [music] tomorrow will
affect the market tomorrow? I don't
know. I honestly don't know.
I really don't know.
Let's check out uh do I go to the
chiropractor?
Yes,
I go to the chiropractor, but I haven't
been going to the chiropractor as much
as I used to.
But yeah, I'm I'm all about the
chiropractic. I think it's cool. I think
it's chill. We're starting to squeeze
the shorts here, guys. But there's a lot
more to squeeze. All right. There's a
lot more to squeeze. Look at all these
guys that opened up along the way down
here. There's a lot more to squeeze.
Let's give them a squeeze. Let's give
them that extra cheese. Let's make them
beg, baby, please.
You know,
shout out to Leto Flow who just joined
the VIP Discord. That's cool. VIP
Discord, you know, this long trade that
we took, I guess, over an hour ago now
over an hour ago is up in the juiciest
profit. [music]
We got 500K on the position here. Got
another 500K on my other account. We're
up a mill We're in a million-doll
position right now.
Coinbase Scamwick just now. Let's see.
Coinbase Scamwick.
Ooh, Coinbase just scammed us right up
there.
Look at that. Look at that. Coinbase
scam wick.
All right, we got about $220,000 on the
short. You know what, guys? I know I
spoke a big game about not taking
profit, but you know what? I'm [music]
going to take profit.
Take profit. I'm going to take profit
here.
All
right, let's see if we can't get filled.
Can we get filled?
What? Yeah, we got filled. All right,
we're filled. All right, we're filled.
We're filled. We're filled. That's
what's up.
There we go. All right. I talked the big
game. I'm taking profit. Whatever, man.
Haters going to hate. All right. So, now
we're in a $750,000 long. Now we're in a
$750,000
long. We got a4 million over here. We
got $750,000
over on the swing trade that we gave in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord. We're up 30
grand on the trade, having locked in
55 grand. This trade, if you guys
remember, I was my my goal was to close
it for 100,000. I didn't close it
because I was greedy. And so, let's see
if we hold here. Let's see if we hold
here. Or let's see if we do dip down to
some of these lower prices like 7777. I
I do want to add to it. I do want to
close this for a juicy profit. All
right, [music] let's see. Let's see.
All right.
All righty. All righty. [music] All
righty. All righty. All righty. All
righty. In my tidy whiteies. All righty.
All righty. In my tidy whies.
All righty.
I'm in my tidy whiteies right now. I
love tidy whies. Do you guys like tidy
whies?
Yeah. Haters going hate.
Is my treadmill on [music] an incline? I
don't know. I don't think so. It's It's
on a slight incline. It just comes that
way. It just comes that way.
Yeah, I [music] took profit. Man, I know
I'm talking big game here, but you know
what? Now I'm equally hedged. I'm
equally hedged. I got about same
position size on both trades. If my long
gets stopped out, I'm stopped out now
for about a just under $2,000 win. If my
short gets stopped out, I'm stopped out
for about a $9,000 win. So, if they both
get stopped out, 11K 11K.
How could I be pissed? How could I be
pissed? Especially since the last few
trades I've closed out here are juicy
wins. How could I be pissed? You know,
how could I be? I can't be. That's the
answer. I can't be. Um,
all right, we got somebody. Ab Abu Bak
Abu Bakr Tariq. Abu Bakr Tariq 3030. Can
we long Bitcoin from 78 350?
Um, 78 350 Abu Bakr. Let me check.
78 350. Yeah. uh that that's an
acceptable level to long. I mean
essentially we're dipping we're looking
to dip down. You're looking to dip down
below this weekly level here. And if we
do do
that, then we would have I'd say
potentially a nice 12minute bullish
divergence. Now [music] again, we need
to wait and see how it looks there,
which is one of the one of the benefits
I'd say
of being in the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
You know, you know what a great segue
into shilling my paid group.
But if we take a look at the paid group
that's only cost $2 a day for four
instructors live streaming three times a
day, right? If [snorts] we take a look,
you could see that I'm letting people
know that
unless we do this, there's no long trade
for me. I'm telling people I'm waiting
for it. Then I let people know when I've
decided to go in. Stuff like that. All
right. the the trades from this morning.
You know, I was on the [music] toilet
trading as always, letting people know
I've added to my long from yesterday.
The reason is why I took a little profit
out, let the rest sizzle. All right,
[music]
we locked in. We locked in the juiciest
profits
right on the last few trades that we've
taken here.
Took the long yesterday at 11:35.
I'll put the other 50% on if we dip down
to 79.8. Of course, we dip down to 79.8
to the dang dollar and get a perfect
bounce. You know, it's not just me in
here. It's also my man Buen Thor White
Phoenix doing the same thing as me. All
right.
Doing the same thing as me.
Thor with his juicy levels. I mean,
these guys are amazing. These guys
really [music] are amazing.
They impress me. They impress me.
Big shout out to Crypto Crank. He says,
"Beautiful trades, brother. God bless.
Keep it up." Same to you, Cryptocrank,
guys. If you're not subscribed to
Cryptocrank, go subscribe to Crypto
Crank. All right. If you're into
scalping, if you're into high
not high leverage, but yeah, it's high
compared to what most If you're into
high leverage, huge position size
scalping, go check out Crypto Crank. All
right. Thank you for the super chat, my
bro. I appreciate you, man. Shout out to
Uber Gamer who says, "Your [music]
market micro code isn't working. Is it
still valid?" It should be. It should
be. It should be.
Um,
treadmill wouldn't work good in a
decline. Yeah, for sure. All right,
guys. Just a quick reminder, we're going
to be giving away $2,000 today.
All right. $2,000 today. If you want a
chance to win, go to blowofin, use my
link to sign up, and um then we will
take your user ID. If your user ID is
associated with my account, then you
have a chance to win in the prize pool
of $2,000. I think we're going to do
four winners, $500 each. That's actually
a pretty good pretty good money right
there. You guys know what time it is.
It's time to pee in the bushes. My
favorite time of day. My favorite time
of stream to pee in the bushes. You
might be able to hear it now because the
uh the noise gate doesn't work. Let's
see. Can you hear the pee?
You guys hear it?
Sounds like a horse peeing. That's what
That's what my wife always tells me.
Only 10x leverage. That's high. That's
high for most people. [music]
That's high for most people.
10x lev. Can't go wrong.
Steelstone says, "Best $2 a day. Casper
crew. It's a powerful stream. Make sure
to like it." How much fees does Blowofin
charge? Well, here's the thing. If you
use Jason Casper's link, Blowfin only
charges you 0% limit order, 0.02%
market order. All right, 0% limit order,
0.02% market order. Look, it's a
beautiful day out today, guys. I mean,
seriously, it's it's like cloudy and
rainy. There's fog over the mountain
range. It's absolutely beautiful. It
really is. There's fog over the
mountains. It's gorgeous. It's just
beautiful out.
This is my view. Well, you guys are
looking at the back of the dirty garage.
The dirty garage view. There's your
view. All right.
There's my view.
You know, big shout out to Mikey Mike
69420.
This content is what we're here for.
Love you, Jay. I love you, Mikey Mike.
Show the tip. Come on, guys. Let's keep
it PG-13 up in here. No tips. No tips on
a PG-13 crypto live stream.
No tips. All right.
Um, how long is the offer? It's during
this stream. All right. You literally
got nothing to lose right now. You got
nothing to lose right now. Um,
let's see. Let's check out the order
flow. We are starting to squeeze the
shorts, but we haven't had many longs
open up yet.
All right. So, let's see what happens
here. Time to get back on the old
treadmill. Time to get back on the old
treadmill
in my mom's garage.
She let me come back in after my last
liquidation.
My mom, you know, she's a pushover.
She's a pushover. She tries to show
tough love and kick me out. She wants me
to get a job and all this stuff, you
know, but she's a pushover. I can come
crying back anytime. Give her a sob
story.
My mom just loved me so much.
Really, I'll I'll be living in this
garage for the rest of my life. Let's be
honest.
All right, $2,000 on the line here.
Let's check out ES.
I know you guys do need a better view. I
I got to get a green screen back in this
garage so you guys can have a I'll take
a picture of my view and put it on the
green screen. How about that? I'll take
a picture of my view.
Shout out to Benny Blanco from the
Bronx. God bless you. Do I post
stop-loss in the VIP? Uh, not usually.
Not usually. Here's the thing. They're
not signals in the VIP. It's very
important. They're not signals. I'm here
to teach people. It's an educational
group. All right? So, I'm not giving
trade signals with a stop-loss and all
that. That is up to you, my friend. All
right? What I do do is I give
invalidations, and it's up to you to use
your own position sizing and your own
strategy for getting in. Because here's
the deal, and I make this very clear in
my VIP updates. All right, let's say for
example that
well, look, a a good example would be
something like this, right? The long
trade from yesterday. Let me close off
this stuff. All right,
where's our long trade? This one. Okay,
this is the invalidation. The
invalidation is under 79,421.
All right. Meaning the idea I'm no
longer interested in this trade idea if
price is below this level. All right.
Now, I told everybody that I was taking
the trade. We got the bounce perfectly
from this area. I told everyone I'm
taking this trade from here. All right.
Now, it's not up to me whether you want
to enter with your with your position
size based on the stop loss
all the way to the bottom, which would
be [music] probably about a 0.5% stop.
or if you want to use the stop just
here, which is like a 0.25% stop, that
would literally double your position
size. All right, that's up to you. Okay?
And I'm telling people in the in the in
the community, I'm saying, look, this is
the zone to get into the trade, which
means as long as we're in this zone, you
have a valid entry and a valid
invalidation.
You might take three trades in here, two
losses and one win, or you might take
one trade, which is a win or a loss. Or
maybe you take three trades and there's
three losses. That's up to you. All
right, I'm telling people what I'm
doing, but I'm not here to tell you my
stop loss and all that. All right,
that's on you. That's on you. And this
is an educational group. So hopefully
you watch the live streams that we do
three times a day and you follow when
I'm trading and when I'm taking profits
and when I'm putting my stop loss at
entry and you understand what I'm doing,
maybe you understand what Boyan's doing,
what White Phoenix is doing. And you
develop your own style and you get take
the education and you learn about where
your stop loss should go and what style
of trader are you. Are you the kind of
guy that wants to try and maybe take a
long here, take along here, and then
take a long here with three big position
sizes? Are you the guy that once price
comes to your level, you take it with a
small position size and you put your
stop loss at the bottom of the
invalidation? That's up to you. That's
that's the style of trader that you are,
right? It's a very personal thing.
[music] Are you a knife catcher or are
you more of a relaxed and let's see what
happens kind of trader, right? That's on
you, man.
Did I take the long? Yes, I took the
long, my friend. Took the long at 1:13
p.m.
in the Casper crew. I started I didn't
enter in one shot here. I entered when
we reclaimed the level and then we got a
little bit of a dip back down and I
added more.
[snorts]
I added more when we dip back down.
So, yeah, I'm basically long from around
79. I had half a million dollars on the
trade. I've since uh taken out a
realized profit of about three grand.
I've got another 500,000 on another
long. But right now, my short from
Sunday, I added and took profit on that
as well.
I identify the zones, David. Yes. But I
tell people when I'm entering the trade,
okay? So, it's not a signal, but I do
tell people when I'm entering the trade.
This is this is what I I like to do. I
want I want to be upfront with what I'm
doing, [music] right? So,
just to show you what it's like in here.
All right. So, on Sunday,
I [music] tell people I'm taking a
short. All right. Taking a short. If we
make another high, I'll be stopped out
of the short, letting people know. All
right. Then we get a move to the
downside. I let people know that night
I've locked in profit. All right.
Um, that's that that's kind of like what
I'm doing. All right, this was the short
trade. Then, of course,
yesterday we identify the long, right?
So, we identify the trade, but then when
I take the trade, I let people know,
hey y'all, I've taken a long here. I
have 50% of my position in. If we get
another drop to 798, I'll put the other
50% in. Right? So, I'm keeping people
updated on what I'm doing. Right? So,
you have to make your own decisions, but
I'm letting people know what I'm doing.
All right? I'm letting people know. The
reason why I'm going to take this trade
is because of the plan that we had back
here. Right? The plan was basically
we're looking for this zone. So, we came
down to 80K and I said if we come down
to 798, that value area low, I'll put
the rest of the trade in. We got we were
looking at our bullish divergences. We
come down to 798 and we get the bounce
perfectly. All right. Great.
Everything's on track. All right.
let people know where my TP1 is going to
be. $81,000.
Uh I decided to TP a little bit earlier.
So, I let people know. Good night.
Taking profit here. Letting the rest
sizzle. And then earlier this morning, I
said I've added to that long trade
because we came back down to the entry.
Divergence looked good. Letting people
know in this case where my stop loss is.
Just I don't always do that with the
stop loss, but th this was important
because it's an open trade that I'm
adding to. Letting people know I'm going
to take a little profit out here. All
right.
kind of letting people know what's going
on. [music] And then we did take a long
trade this morning in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord.
And that one was a loss. All right. It
could have been a win. Could have been a
win. We took the long trade. We were in
profit, but I was targeting 8,400. We
didn't take it. So, I took a small loss.
All right. Small loss. Next trade I'm
looking for is a CDW, the low. I'll let
you know if I decide to take it. All
right. We're down to that level. I'm
letting people know unless we reclaim
79142, there's no long for me. Once
we're above the level, I will long and
put my stop below wherever the wick is.
Right now, use the length of the wick to
calculate your position size while we're
deciding whether or not to take the
trade. Right? We got to wait. We're
waiting. We're watching. Then when it's
time, I said, "All right, I've dipped my
toes [music] in. All right, letting
people know." Added to the short trade
from Sunday,
letting people know what I'm doing. All
right, so it's it's a uh it's a
stepbystep thing. So, I'm not just
giving you a a trade setup.
I'm giving you a trade setup and letting
you know how I'm doing it, how I'm
playing it, wins, losses, and all that.
And we're teaching you the risk
management and all that stuff every
single day.
Let's do the giveaway. We will do the
giveaway, guys. We're doing We're doing
a $2,000 giveaway right now, courtesy
[music] of Blow Fin. If you want a
chance to win $2,000, we'll split it up
between four winners, four people
winning $500. Sign up to Blowof Fin
using the link in the description of
this video, and we will do a raffle with
your user ID later in this stream. All
right, Bitcoin consolidating under
resistance,
guys. If we reclaim 79794,
I think we can get a really fast move up
towards 813.
I think we can get a fast move up
Let's see. Can we do it during this
stream?
Can we do it during the stream?
Do you have to sift through a bunch of
messages to find mine? [music] I have a
private channel. You could set
notifications only for mine. I'm not
posting in a group chat. I'm posting in
a readonly for most people except
[music] for me uh chat. Same with the
other instructors. All right. It's very
well organized. Here we go, baby. Let's
see if we can reclaim the level and get
the pump. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Am I
targeting a new alltime high? So I would
say this like I am targeting
in general although I I know I just I
just talked big game and then and then
took profit early. But essentially guys
I am looking at this right here as
support
and I am looking at this right here as
resistance
and I am looking at this as a sideways
range where yes my target is going to be
at the top of the range. All right. Um,
and it's going to be the Fibonacci
golden pocket. Doesn't mean I'm It
doesn't mean we'll make it there. All
right. Doesn't mean we'll make it there,
but in general, this is a beautiful
target. All right. So, right now, I have
$750,000
on Bitcoin long trades, and I'm looking
for this target. That's going to be a
nice profit. If we make it there, of
course, if we don't, then it could get
bad. But I would like to see something
like this, right? I would like to see
something like this.
Maybe we get the nice
rounded [music] top distribution pattern
type thing here, right? Maybe we do that
or maybe we continue and see more
upside, right? Again, if we're going to
reclaim the macro value area low, then
we are probably going up towards
$100,000. All right, we are probably
going to go up towards the PC, right?
We're re if we're reclaiming this here.
Wow, this is Coinbase. And on Coinbase,
I didn't realize this.
Coinbase, we're actually already above
the value area low. On Coinbase, we're
Wow, guys. On Coinbase, we are back
testing the value area low of the macro
range. This looks insane. I bet you
Divine Hood knew about this. Divine Hood
probably told me this and I probably
forgot.
Look at this. We are trying to reclaim
if if we can reclaim this. And if this
whole range here, imagine if this whole
sideways range is simply just a um
you know a consolidation before this,
that very well could be too. That's
crazy to think about. That is crazy to
think about.
Shout out to preparing for war again. He
says, "Are you concerned about the bear
CVD we built from this morning?" Let me
check.
Uh
that that actually goes back to
Wednesday. But what do you mean from
this morning?
I don't see it. I don't think
I don't see bear CVD from this morning.
Um
preparing for war. Maybe uh maybe
because I have it on um
maybe because I don't have it on
aggregated.
No, this is on aggregated.
Yeah, I don't really see bearish CBD
here. Um
I saw that we took the high
and this is Wednesday.
This is all Wednesday here.
I don't I don't really see bear CBD
here. But maybe I'm just not seeing it
right. Remember I'm no orderologist.
Orderflowologist.
I'm no orderflowologist here. But if
there is bearer CBD, does it concern me?
Um, I guess it concerns me in the sense
that my long has less of a chance of
playing out. So, that's not the best
thing I would want to see.
Did I hear about genetically modified
ticks? I mean, I've been hearing about
genetically modifying ticks for years.
All right. I've been hearing about it
literally for years. Um, I've heard
rumors that farmers are finding boxes of
ticks on their property. I know it's a
bad year for ticks. I've had ticks on me
this year. My kids have ticks on me on
them this year. Um, do I believe Lyme
disease was engineered? Yes.
Um,
but have I been hearing about it
recently? I definitely been hearing that
recently it's a bad season, but I don't
I don't have any kind of like
uh
like I don't have any like source that
makes me think there's anything
worse than normal going on.
But have you heard of the gen the
genetically modified mosquitoes?
Like I've heard of all this stuff. Who
the heck knows, right? Who the heck
knows? Who the heck knows?
Shout out to Michael Mike. New to VIP.
Made my money back on the first trade.
I've joined many Discords and Jay is the
best so far. Well, hopefully those first
impressions don't fade into the
background, my friend.
You never had a tick in your life.
[snorts]
Yeah, this year's been bad because I I I
think I've lived out here in the middle
of the woods for about
eight years now. And uh I've had [music]
I've had in those eight years I think
I've had three ticks on me.
Um [music]
and my kids have had none.
And this year
uh we've had three ticks in the whole
year as a family. So what took seven
years has now been done in one year. Um
but we don't usually have bad ticks
around here. I I I I believe the [music]
Lord has has favor on this property to
keep the ticks away.
You have lime. It crippled you. Yeah,
that's no joke. Lyme disease is no joke.
Like my my brother had it. I know some
people that have had it and have
struggled with it like with chronic
symptoms.
Um
yeah, but thankfully like you know I'm
I'm [music] good friends with a a
functional medicine doctor and he's had
it four times in his life and all four
times he's been able to to beat it and
he has really good protocols. He's seen
people come in who couldn't walk due to
lime complications and they were able to
be pretty much uh feeling much much much
better back to living a a normal life
and all that kind of stuff. So there is
hope. There is hope. The problem is
there's so much information out there
and there's so many protocols out there
that you don't know what to do in the
heat of the moment and it can be
overwhelming.
But if you can find somebody who can
give you some direction and who you
trust and you stick to one thing, there
are natural solutions for it. As well as
honestly, in [music] my opinion, if you
catch it early,
the antibiotic is the way to go. Even
though antibiotics ruin your gut
temporarily, that's the way to go if you
can catch it early.
But what do I know?
Do I have Guinness?
Nah, I don't drink. But honestly,
[music] Juan, I don't have guinea hens
either because um
they are really good for the ticks, but
the problem is they're just really hard
to keep. They like they don't they don't
stay at home and they run away. And um
yeah, they're they're hard to keep. And
I have such a big property that
I just feel like they'll stay in one
spot. Maybe they won't take all the
ticks away. I don't know. I I was
thinking I was heavily considering
getting them this year. In fact, I
almost purchased a mail order of guinea
hen chicks
and then I almost bought some from
Tractor Supply Company, but
I don't have really a a home base for
them right now. I have to figure [music]
that out. I used to have three chicken
coops. I had to burn one down.
What's the protocol? I don't know his
protocol because I've never had Lyme
disease.
Um I don't know his exact protocol.
tea tree oil for ticks. I don't know. I
really don't know. I think the best way
is just to every time you're outside,
check yourself, you know. I always check
myself. I do hill sprints in the grass
and I check myself. If I'm going to go
out and mow or work, I always wear long
jeans and tuck them into my socks,
you know. Um,
English not my first language. That's
all good, man. It's funny though cuz I
do love me a a nice Guinness once in a
while. If I'm going to go to an Irish
pub with my wife, I'll probably get corn
beef and cabbage with a Guinness, but
I haven't had a Guinness in many years.
What about the vid? What about the vid?
You don't get that from a tick.
I don't even know if the vid is real.
I'll be honest with you. I still don't
know if the vid is real or not. I'm
[music] one of those people. Was it
real? Was it not? I don't know. I still
don't know. Um,
it's one of those weird things. That is
a weird thing.
So,
[snorts]
all right. So, David Nelson Living says
that his cousin was healed of Lyme
disease supernaturally by Jesus. Amen,
bro. [music]
I mean, that's what's up, you know.
I I I believe that God heals
100% 100%.
Dave Digital is having a homemade double
cheeseburger and onion rings. All right,
so it looks like Bitcoin is unable right
now to come above this level. Let's see
what happens here. Let's see what
happens here.
Sammy says it's just a back test, not a
dump.
viruses don't exist, mate. I mean, maybe
like here's the thing about the whole
like
um
what do they call it? Terrain theory.
Here's the thing about terrain theory.
They say viruses don't exist and that
what people think are viruses are
actually just exosomes. your cells are
detoxing from a certain uh poison and
the way they detox is by packaging up
little bits of RNA and expo uh and uh
expelling them from the cell, right? And
so what most people think are contagious
viruses are actually just your cells
detoxing and they look the same, right?
what what most people think is a virus
that's floating around in the wild and
coming into your body is actually being
produced inside your body in order for
your cell to detox from a certain toxin.
But here's the thing, terrain theory
says that diseases are contagious
if you're around a sick person through
something called resonance. In other
words, if someone's detoxing from
something and you're around that person,
your body might be like, "Oh crap, I
better detox from that same thing." And
now your body starts detoxing from the
same thing and producing the same
exosomes. And so basically if you don't
believe in viruses or if you do believe
in viruses,
it seems like it doesn't matter cuz
things are still contagious in the sense
that if your body is resonating with
someone else's body, you're going to
show the same symptoms. And that's
really what being sick is. So who knows?
And who cares? Who knows? And who cares?
I think what's best is try your best to
live a healthy life.
And um you know do your best to [music]
take your health into your own hands,
right, as much as possible. And don't be
totally sold out to the pharmaceutical
industrial complex for every little
thing.
And uh just eat healthy food, try and
sleep good, get sunshine, you know,
but who knows? Yeah,
I've read a book called The Contagion
Myth. I'm sure a lot of people have read
the book of the contagion myth.
Basically, they go through this whole
book to say viruses aren't real
in the in what in the sense that most
people believe and viruses are simply
just your cells detoxing. [music] But
basically, they didn't end the book
saying, "Yeah, stuff is still
contagious, just not in the same way we
thought." So, it's like, "All right,
that literally doesn't change anything
of how you would live your life. If
someone's sick, you can still get it
from them, but it's not through a virus.
says through something else.
But
if that's the case, if that is the case,
the viruses aren't real and it's simply
just your body detoxing from some kind
of toxin in the in the environment,
[music]
that really makes you wonder what kind
of toxins are in the environment that
cause a lot of people to show the same
types of symptoms and cause their cells
to create the same little RNA packets
and excrete them from the cell.
It's a little bit [__]
Uh, I don't know if it's a little bit
[__] I I think I think I think
illness and things like this are very
nuanced. I don't think anyone really
knows
I don't think anybody can really know
exactly how
infections and illnesses are work in our
past, right? Because we all know people
who don't get sick when like everyone in
the family has the flu. And then the one
person just doesn't get it, right?
Clearly there's something that happened
to that one person that didn't happen to
the other people. Like that happens all
the time, right? Or one person in the
family gets the flu. Influenza A tested
PCR. It's influenza A. We know what it
is. And everyone else is fine in the
family even though they're all breathing
the same air, touching the same stuff.
It's more complex than people like to
make it seem. I don't know.
Bare moon incoming. Yeah, we have a new
moon coming up on Saturday.
All right, a new moon coming up on
Saturday.
Once has fasting changed your life?
Jesus did it first.
Fasting is the key to life. I think I do
think fasting is very important.
You know,
fasting seems to cure most health
issues.
Yeah, a lot of people have a lot of uh
success with fasting.
What bullish signals am I seeing? Um is
the PCR test fake? I don't know. [music]
I don't know.
I mean, I don't I don't think the test
itself is fake. The question is,
here's the thing. I think a PCR test
could probably work well if you're
presenting a certain set of symptoms
and there are certain things that are
present on [music] the test.
I think it got shady with COVID 19
because you're only supposed to spin the
thing a certain number of times and they
were spinning it as as as much as they
could until it finally tested positive
for CO 19 just so they could get the
case numbers higher. At least that's
what it appeared to be based on
testimonies of people who may or may not
have been telling the truth on the
internet. So, who the heck knows, right?
Who the heck knows?
What were we going to take a look at?
Um
[snorts]
yeah, ice cubes ladies talking about
exosomes. Yes, that's what I just talked
about for like five minutes.
Uh, the alien talk.
Kryptoz
says this comment here, which I can't I
can't read out loud, but it is funny.
Um,
what were we going to look at? We're
going to try and look at something,
right? Live healthy, get vitamin D.
Yeah, this is exactly what I would say
it, right? Who the heck knows what's
true, but whatever. Just do your best to
be healthy.
Oh, bullish signals. Bull. Thank you.
Thank you. Dab and flow. Dab and flow.
Dab and flow. Bullish signals. What are
we seeing on the chart here? Well, for
me, the reason I took the long trade
from here is because well, first of all,
we had the plan in the Casper crew. All
right, we need we wanted to reclaim
[music] 79142.
All right, we did it. took the long and
the reason is because on our 24-minute
market cipher B, we have what's known as
the
Bit Boy butt cheek pattern. All right,
we have the price dipping down, making a
lower low
into a zone of support, which just so
happens to be this macro macro support
going all the way back to the end of
January. And we have ourselves a nice
bullish divergence with the money flow.
And this bullish divergence has big boy
bottoms here showing big significant
bottoms on our 24-minut time frame.
Those are the bullish signs I'm seeing
here. Now, keep in mind this is a day
trade. Okay? So, you know, this is a day
trade, guys. All right?
I've already made a couple G's on it.
Fake germ theory origins. Like, here's
the thing. I I I I don't know what's
true about germ theory or terrain theory
because I'm not a dang scientist,
but
terrain theory does make a lot of sense
to me.
It does make a lot of sense to me. Um,
certain aspects of germ theory make
sense to me as well. At the end of the
day, I trust the Lord for my health and
I do my best to live a healthy life with
with the resources that I have. I try
and eat real food that's as clean as
possible. [music] Try not to eat
genetically modified stuff. Try not to,
if I can help it, load up my body with
glyphosate and other endocrine
disruptors. I try and sleep [music] 8 n
hours a night. Not always the best at
it. I try and get sunlight. I stay
outside. I touch the dirt. I garden. I
try to minimize my stress. I exercise. I
get movement. I drink a lot of water.
Um,
you [music] know, at the end of the day,
people worry about what's is it germ
theory or terrain theory, but meanwhile,
they're eating McDonald's, [music]
staying up all night on their
smartphone, scrolling through Tic Tac
and eating GMO modified glyphosate, this
and that, you know, sitting down at
their desk all day and like it doesn't
then it really doesn't matter what's
real. And it really doesn't matter at
all whether it's a a virus or just your
body detoxing from some [music] pathogen
that you know excretes little packets of
protein wrapped RNA in the form of
exosomes that [snorts] people think are
viruses. [music]
You know, shout out to Cryptolo
Vid W scam and [music] IQ. Oh, it was an
IQ test.
Maybe maybe it was an IQ test.
>> [snorts]
>> I don't know if it was an IQ test as
much as as much as it was honestly if we
think about the fruit of CO 19. I really
think it was to really destabilize
[snorts] the middle class in [music]
western countries. I think that was the
purpose of it.
Um
and the damage is done. The money supply
was more than doubled.
You know many many many small businesses
went out of business permanently.
Inflation is through the roof right now.
People are being priced out of life
and I think it's just to set the stage
for people [music] wanting
more services from the government
because they will need it. Especially as
the fourth industrial revolution begins
to [music] really take place and AI
starts to replace most people's jobs.
I think it's just kind of setting the
stage for [music] all that. I think the
damage is done. I think it was
successful. I think the whole IQ test
thing maybe that was an aspect of it
just to see what people would take. The
thing is
you always have to be really careful. Uh
I don't even know how to say this but
there there there are a lot of very
smart people behind these types of
things. Things are very calculated.
Every decision is very calculated and
oftentimes
the way that we feel about things after
the fact is exactly how they want us to
feel about it. Like
like obviously [music]
there's no way that
the think tanks clearly this this was a
global conspiracy. When you see every
single government of every single
country get on TV and all the leaders
parrot the same exact line about how
we're committed to to diagnostics and
they use all the same words. Every
single leader of every single country
use the same words. [music] I mean
I don't even know how to say what I'm
thinking.
But the result of all that has been
calculated. They they knew how people
were going to feel. They knew it would
divide people.
And so we just got to be real careful
about
forming an opinion. I guess we just need
to kind of we kind of just need to watch
and see how things play out. Honestly,
if that makes any sense. That probably
doesn't make any sense what I just said.
Exactly. This is this is what this is
where I'm going. All right. This is
where I'm going. Pat you. X9 you watch
the next pandemic will be a real one
and all the smart people. Exactly. This
is exactly where I'm going with that.
Okay. The next pandemic will be a real
one and the smart people will say,
"You're not fooling with me again." And
then, exactly. And then all the libtards
are going to say, "I told you so."
And all the Trump tards are going to be
dead. Right. That that is something I
always think about. And they're both
tards. All right? If you're a Trump [__]
or a lip [__] you're both the same.
Honestly, no offense. It's true. It's
true. All right? They they want you on
one side or the other. They don't want
you in the middle thinking critically.
They want you to follow your guy and
your side and do whatever your side does
and whatever the other side does is bad
and whatever your side does is good.
That's what they want.
But yeah, that's exactly where I'm going
with that, right? I'm not falling for
that this time. And then they then they
unleash the real pandemic.
Shout out to Jesse Gellick. Everyone
should eat healthy, non-processed food.
Get chickens and daily fresh eggs. God
bless. God bless you, Jesse. I agree
with that. [music] I agree with that.
Yeah, I remember the cold, dark winter.
It wasn't warm for me that winter,
but I remember it. Um,
shout out to Cenodana.
Not scared of the Corona virus. Not
scared of the Honda virus.
Yeah, but who knows, right? Who knows?
Where do you get fresh fresh eggs in
Brooklyn? Well, there's a tunnel called
the Lincoln Tunnel. Uh you can drive
through that tunnel and you'll end up in
a place called North Jersey.
And then from there, you drive to the
west or to the south until you can't see
a city anymore. And that's where you
should live. And then fresh eggs are
right there in your backyard.
That's where you find them in the Bronx.
You want to add to the long trade.
Should you wait for the golden pocket or
the VWAP? Well,
if I were to add to this long trade
here, let's pull our fib.
Remember guys, this is not medical
advice. This is not financial or medical
advice.
If I was going to add to the trade here,
I would probably look to add right
around this area, right around where I'm
long from, to be honest with you.
Um, [music]
let's check out the order flow here.
We haven't really squeezed too many
longs yet, uh, too many shorts yet, to
be honest.
Um,
it would be wonderful if we actually
came down to that area with a bullish
CVD divergence.
I would be cautious adding to the long.
All right. The reason why is because
technically speaking,
you know, if we're losing this white
line, we are rejecting from the pre from
the previous range low. Where is VWAP
right now? Let me check.
VWOP's up a ways here.
We haven't even changed market structure
here like on our 12minute like until
we're until we're at the VWOP and taking
out this high. I would be cautious. You
know, that's just me.
But
this is an area where I'm cautious
adding. Maybe I would add tomorrow.
Maybe if we get a move up like this and
then come back down to the support
resistance flip. [music] That would be a
good place for me to look to long. Maybe
if we hit VWAP first and then do that.
That is market monkey terminal.
You know
market monkey terminal is my orderflow
chart.
you breached your client funding
account. I'm sorry to hear that. Well,
guess what? We're going to be doing some
giveaways. We're going to be giving away
$550,000
client funding accounts this week. So,
stay tuned. But right now, guys, we're
going to be giving away a uh $2,000 on
Blowpin. So, if you want a chance to win
$2,000, sign up to Blowpin using my
link, get your user [music] ID, and
we're going to be doing a giveaway. All
right. We're going to be doing a
giveaway. The hentai virus is going to
kill us. Oh man.
Maybe
eat pigeon eggs. Yeah, eat pigeon eggs.
I mean, I'm not going to lie. The last
time I went to New York City, those
pigeons were looking mighty tasty
walking around with their kind [music]
of like you know how when they shine in
the sun, they have different colors on
them with those bobbleheads going
around. I thought to myself, man, that
pigeon looks good. Then I thought about
all the strange city things that are in
the pigeon.
Um,
will the new Fed chair cut rates?
I'm not sure.
All right, here's what we're going to
do, guys. We're going to do the blowof
finin giveaway. I want you guys to spam
the chat
with your
with your blowof finin user ID. And
again, it has to be
the blowfin user ID has to be
on my account or you're not you're not
eligible. All right, you're not
eligible.
So, go ahead and spam the chat with your
blowofin user ID and we're going to pick
a couple winners.
All right, we're going to pick a couple
winners.
We're going to pick five winners to be
exact.
Yeah. Spam with your user ID. And we're
going to pick five winners here. All
right.
I'm going to count down from 10.
and the person that's highlighted with
my mouse
and then the four after him or her will
each get
the money $2,000.
Oh, wait. We're doing four giveaways.
Yeah. So, the one highlight of my house
and the three after that will each get
$500 into [music] that blowofin account.
All right. So, here we go.
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 two one boom. All
right, we [music] have our screenshot
and our winners are
J and V7P.
That's our first winner.
Bisha for life,
Top Honeys, and Dorian Heap. And I'm
gonna right now send these over to Blow
Fin.
Now again, if you're not signed up using
my link, then unfortunately
I won't be able to give you the money.
But if you are signed up using my link,
congratulations. cuz you've just won
$500 each. All right,
so God bless our winners.
Congratulations
to the winners. Congrats. Congrats to
the winners.
Winner winner chicken dinner.
[snorts]
Shout out to Jay Ant, one of our
winners.
Dang, you were one off. Kryptopher
Columbus.
Maybe next time, bro. Maybe next time.
Shout out to memory man in the chat.
Shout out to this person who I cannot
pronounce.
Man, I'm glad I took profit there. Even
though we're probably going to pump
later and I wish I hadn't taken profit.
I'm still glad I took profit. Can't go
wrong taking a profit. Can you even spot
it? About to take a profit. hit right up
into the next golden pocket.
Guys, make sure to subscribe to the
channel because we always do giveaways
like this. And like I said, we're going
to be giving away
five $50,000 accounts. All right,
five $50,000 accounts for client funding
we're going to be giving away later this
week, probably tomorrow or Friday. So,
make sure to stick around my live
streams.
All right,
make sure to stick around the live
streams. By the way, guys, I have 15%
discount on client funding crypto proper
accounts. Also, Bitfunded is another
prop firm that I'm associated with. And
of course, I'm trading on Antarctic,
Blowfin, [music]
Yubit, and KSEX.
If you want to trade with very, very low
fees, all the exchanges that I'm
affiliated with are offering the lowest
fees. You can't find fees lower anywhere
else cuz I have deals with these
exchanges.
Doesn't matter if you use someone else's
link. Jason Casper has the lowest fees.
Period. All right.
When would I add to the long?
Well, like I said, if I was going to
add, it would be from the purple box,
but I'm not really looking to add to
this long to be honest right now. I
would rather wait for at least a change
of market structure here on at least our
five minute time frame, which we have
not gotten yet. So, let's see. Let's
see. We've got to wait and see how it
plays out.
Ah, your browser crashed during the
giveaway. I'm sorry, man.
The only way to not grow broke is to
take profits. Yeah, there's a saying, no
one ever went broke taking profits. But
also,
some people never get rich because they
take profit, right? Goes both ways.
But yeah, no, it's good. [music] It's
good to take profits. It's good to take
profits.
Oh, man.
Look at this. The control stick broke
off, guys. Isn't that sad? Isn't that
[music] sad?
The control stick broke off.
The funds haven't come yet. Yeah. Bisha
for life there. Give it some time. Give
it some time. I have to submit it. We
have to put it through. It has to
process. Give it a break. Give it a
little bit of a break. A little bit of a
break.
Give it a little bit of a break. Give it
a little bit of a break. Give it a
little a bit of a break. Give it a
little a bit of a break. [music]
You know,
>> give it a little a bit [music] of a
break. Give it a little a bit of a
break. Give it a little a bit of the
break. Give it a little [music] bit of
the break. Give it a little bit of a
break. Give it a Hey yo, give it a
little bit of a break, my friend.
Listen, we'll get you the profits before
the week ends. [music] I promise. And
I'll sit back before we tippy top it.
About to take profits. Bitcoin price is
about to rocket. So sit back, relax.
I'll tell you, my dear. Have [music] no
fear. Jason Casper is here. Sit down
gently. I'll spit it in your ear where
I'll tell you where you're going. And I
will not be [singing] clear. I'll be so
straight. The Bitcoin [music] through
the gate. About to launch off. We don't
have to wait, but give [singing] it a
little bit of time, my dear. Jason
Casper about to spit into your ear.
Pati. Poule, Patoule, Patoule,
Prime Vid 3, God bless you. Shout out to
Daniel Projector. Isn't that the
controller from the Titanic [music]
sub? I don't get the reference cuz I I
wasn't allowed to watch that movie as a
kid. And I don't think I've ever seen
Titanic.
Um
I don't think I've ever seen Titanic.
Um only six likes. Yeah, we only have
319 likes, but we have 700 viewers.
Yeah. Smash up the likes, guys. Come on.
I'm giving away $2,000.
We're going to be giving away five
$50,000 accounts later this week. Smash
up the likes.
Yeah, I Okay, you got the electric bill
to pay. Um,
yeah, I understand. I understand. You
got to get solar panels, but I
understand
you didn't win and you haven't gotten
anything. That's not true, Darren.
You've gotten so much. First of all,
you've gotten the opportunity to look at
Jason Casper's face.
>> Isn't this worth a like in and of
itself?
>> Yeah, I called you Daniel Projector.
What's your real name? Daniel J.
Proctor.
J Proctor Pro Jakector. You could see
where I made the mistake with my
Lexixia.
You know, I made that mistake with my
dyslexia there. Daniel the projector.
[laughter]
It was a joke, Darren. So was mine, bro.
God bless you, man.
So was mine. God bless you, bro.
[snorts]
Remember that music we were listening to
before?
No. What was What was that?
It was this. Remember this.
He's a proctologist.
a projector. A proctologist.
Hey yo, [music] my man Daniel, not a
projector. The man's a proctologist.
Don't you know for sure? Just kidding.
He's not a pharmacologist, but my man,
he's an expert
>> [music]
>> urologist. Hey, sir. Pull down your
pants and bend over. I'll get on my
rubber gloves. My name is Grover and
we'll [music] check your prostate just
to see. Is it a laws between you and me,
[music] my man? Daniel, he's a
urologist. Just kidding, man. A
paleontologist [music] digging up your
bones out there in the desert. The
Bitcoin price about to get western
pumping up into the rain. Got the cops
on the ground insane. So [music] insane
is that braiding the train to the next
place where it takes the plane to fly
wild.
I'm
[music] on the trail. Your boy ain't no
fool.
We got the Japanese
on the treadmill. Walking on the street.
Shake your [music] hands. Hello sir.
It's very nice to meet you. Next thing I
know, we going to be the first to the
Bitcoin price in the boat, in the hole,
[music] in the house. Don't you know we
ride away the Bitcoin price? Making
profit for days. I give it [music] to
you straight. Don't you know I never
give a day. Chasing faster, you have to
wait. We're so dang serious. [singing]
You know that we never play. [music]
Here we go. I got the plunger in my hand
as the Bitcoin price is pumping from the
ocean to the sand. Cuz [music] we're
buying when we're in demand. Support and
demand resistance. It's the plan to pump
it up. Market makers ain't dropping.
We're collecting rain [music] versus
we're coming up to the next golden
pocket. Market makers want to drop it.
You know, we bang. We're coming in the
range. We got the weapons out. You know,
it's strange to see that
better not
with the with the with the Bitcoin
[music] price. Thank you, man. We're
coming. We're jumping. We got the one
minute channel. The [music] Bitcoin
price. Can you even get a handle?
Yeah, cuz I'm wearing yellow. Bitcoin
lighting [music] all the candles. And
don't you know it's looking so fine. Hey
girl, I want to make you mine. We could
go out to [music]
barbecue pasta and wine. Every day we do
it all the time. Break out to the next
resistance [music]
out. Don't push this. Don't get this
trip the Bitcoin price. Hello, my name
is M. This is We just got married
[music] yesterday. Jo at the Charles
players head and shoulders here on the
chart. We got the blue and purple
candles like a nice work of art. [music]
We got the left, we got the head, we got
the right. It's looking tight. About to
blast off before the end of the night.
81.3.
Better listen to me.
About to tippy top it. Next thing you
know, we hit our take profits just like
me and Team Rocket. [music] Jesse and
James, you know they never stop it. Just
a steel Pikachu between me and you. The
Bitcoin price about to show you what you
going to do. Ah, now here we go. J in
the house. But you know I'm the trading
master. Here [music] we are. The Bitcoin
got me so excited up off the couch. And
oh snap, we got to take a marker any
big on the left. like [music]
spinning it on the right just to round
out the Can you spot it? Can you stop
it? Can you rock it? Can you spot it?
Got the uneven but you don't have it.
[music]
Can you spot it? Can you rock it? Can
you unh
[music]
like Trump about the pump? Never dump
about the pump. [music] Here we go. Can
you spot a Bitcoin about the pump?
Would you look at the lump? So big
[music] on the left, skinny on the
right. We don't dump. We got the green
line looking fine. 10 years of butt
crack turning out like [music] we need a
line to squeeze it into the nice club
soda chasing a Jedi like big shout out.
We don't go any farther. No cuz Luke I
am your father. H then we do it again
hanging out with all the [music] good
friends and we're driving through the
town in our new Merc. And I'm hanging
out with Bill and my friend Ben. Yeah.
talking [music] about bitco. Hopefully
my back is not too annoying. Got to give
a big shout out to my friends Armstrong.
Hopefully [music] he's doing well and
strong. I don't know what to say. The
beat so long and I don't [music] know
what to say. I don't know what to say
cuz the beat's so long. I ran out of
things [music] to say. Oh no, we better
put it down. Oh man.
Man, that was that was a little rough
there.
One of the major holders had to
liquidate.
These are some interesting beats here.
Should you go short right now or wait?
Well, if I was in your position and I
was asleep all day and I'm coming to the
chart, I would do some analysis
and come up with a plan and I would not
take a trade based on asking a guy on
YouTube. Honestly, my friend, I mean, I
mean this sincerely, but one of the
worst things you [music] can do is wake
up after missing some volatility and
decide to go into a trade right now. You
need to go to the chart. You need to do
your fresh analysis. You need to come up
with your trading plan. And then [music]
you are the one that needs needs to
decide when to take a trade, honestly.
Cuz here's the thing.
Um,
if you're doing it any other way, you're
probably [music] going to get wrecked.
It's just from personal experience. All
right. Shout out to Stall Chin getting.
You look so familiar, bro. Are you the
guy that always gives me the beats and
you have a different YouTube name now?
Yeah, you are that beat. He says, "Start
[music] this beat. Jid boom bap rap."
All right, let's try it out.
He says, "Check out this beat." You
know, I do love beats. Oh, Bitcoin
Mowgli. [music] It's Bitcoin Mobly.
Shout out to Bitcoin Mobly.
30 seconds in.
Bitcoin Mowgi.
[music]
It's a little creepy. It's actually
scary. [music]
It's scary. It's scary.
Shout out to [music] Bitcoin Mowgi. I'm
sorry, Bitcoin Mogly. I'm just not
feeling this one, man.
After that, those Japanese beats. I'm
just not feeling this one.
This looks like
I don't know. Sorry, man. But I
appreciate you, Bitcoin Mobly.
Uh, never wake and trade. Only wake and
bake. Uh, well, definitely don't wake
and bake and trade. All right. Don't
wake and bake and trade. That's a
one-way ticket to absolutely wrecked
City. All right. [snorts]
Um, what's my favorite brand of plunger?
Um, I don't know. What brand is this?
Doesn't say. It's just whatever's
available on Amazon.
Whatever's available on Amazon.
[snorts]
A West Coast type beat. You got to You
got to give me a beat. You got to give
me a video title in the chat and let's
see if I can if I can get that West
Coast vibe. I'm more of you know, I grew
up on the East Coast, right?
[snorts]
What do I think about Clarity Act
tomorrow? I don't think it will be
anything serious, honestly. If anything,
it'll give us a pump and dump. If
anything, it'll pump us up to 833 and
then we reject from the golden pocket,
just like the dang Bitcoin ETF where we
pumped up to the golden pocket and got a
rejection.
You know, that's what I think about the
Clarity Act.
[snorts] Waking bacon. I hate bacon.
First of all, I don't eat pork and I
hate turkey bacon. And I hate beef
bacon. I just hate bacon in general.
I just hate bacon in general.
I don't understand why people like bacon
so much.
[snorts]
All right, let's get that music back on.
Shout out to Evan Aldo.
There we go.
All right,
Bitcoin Mowgi. He He's got another one.
Let's see. I have to feel something in
my soul.
I have to feel something in my soul
before I can drop a freestyle.
>> [snorts]
>> Random.
Uh. Yeah. Uh. Uh.
Uh, hey yo. Hey yo. Oh, wait. Hang on. I
got to make the beat a little bit
louder. [music] There we go. Uh, yeah. I
could feel this one. Hey yo, big shout.
Bitcoin moly. Don't you know [music] the
beat is so criminal? I'm sending you the
mixed messages subliminal. We like the
bears, you know. We [music] got to trim
the bow in the bathroom. Got to pee in
the urinal. We out here. Got the
extension cord. The Bitcoin price got me
feeling so bored [music] because we got
a lock of volatility. The Bitcoin price
will not spill the [singing] coffee on
me. We got so insane. Caffeine flowing
through my [music] veins like I'm up in
the membrane. I stay the same. You know
I hate change. I never play. Jason
Casper coming to the charge just to get
paid. We out here in the [music] grass.
We got the pea trees in the past, but
we're looking fast out in the distance.
You could see that the Bitcoin [music]
price tried to break through resistance
like me. We got the trees with the
leaves cuz Jay Casper, you know, he's
got a pee in the tree. [music]
He whips out [singing] the hoe, he
sprays all over. And everybody else
knows that when you water the plants
with [singing] the uric acid, the
Bitcoin price [music] pumping up so
fast. And you know, we're here in the
black top, the driveway. We're coming to
the treadmill, the charts just to get
paid. Yeah. Inverse, head and shoulders.
The [music] Bitcoin price about to pump
like a boulder hanging over your
shoulder. At least that's what my good
friend told her. We [music] got the
garbage cans out here in the driveway.
Coming to the charts just to get paid.
So dang serious. You know I never play.
[music] What's up? My name is Mr. J A
Casper in the house [music] looking for
the next big Bitcoin bounce. But oh
snap, we got to take a peek to see if
Marcus Cipher B has any uneven butt
cheeks. We want big on the [music] left,
so nice and so juicy and skinny on the
right. Just to round out the booty. Hey
yo, [music] and I don't know if you
could floor this. I got to give a big
shout out to Dolores. Yeah, Dolores at
the diner. [music] I'm looking at her
cheeks and they couldn't be finer. We
got big on the left and skinny on the
right. She's spilling the coffee all day
and all night cuz it's so hard to walk
straight when the [music] glutes are
uneven. I'm hanging out like my name is
Steven. We're looking around like
[music] we even are about to take the
profits and we're believing that we're
about to get an [singing] XTP. The
Bitcoin price. Sit back and listen to
me. Jay [music] Casper, we're here in
the gym full of glee. We're lifting
weights and let's see if we can get a
nice pump in the biceps. Next thing I
know, we're pumping [music] up on the
triceps in a gym. Never train legs, only
the chest. We got the push-ups going on.
It's the best. We got the pine noodles.
[music] They're here on the floor. Now
sit back, relax while I mop your floor.
We got your good friend coming to your
house. He breaks the door just to come
inside and tell you what's in [music]
store for the Bitcoin price. Looking so
nice. Jay Casper on the mic. Boy, it's
cold as ice. He's looking nice. He's
only eating chicken [singing] and rice,
the broccoli, and the blow [music] food.
The fro is nice, huh? I got the best
crypto flow. Sit back and welcome to the
crypto show. Don't you know that Jay
Casper show about to hit a TP? leave you
on the flow.
Uh, yeah, that was a good one. [music]
Big shout out to Bitcoin Mowgli.
Yeah, that was good. Bitcoin Mogley. I
like that one. There's no breakfast
without bacon.
Uh,
yeah. No, I don't like bacon at all.
Yeah, I hate bacon.
But shout out to Bitcoin Mowgli.
Bro has trash cans. You're not really in
the country. Yeah, that's true. That is
true. I do have trash cans.
But at least we have a local
family-owned company.
Um,
yeah. No, bacon's gross. Honestly,
bacon's disgusting.
Let's get back on our
our this.
They should call it the not so clarity
act. I don't even know actually what the
deal is with the clarity act. And I
really don't even care because
I just don't feel like it's going to
affect my trading in any way. you know,
affect my trading in any way. It is
3:32. We've been live for two hours. We
gave away $2,000.
We made 3,000. [music]
We've taken
about
11,000 steps.
You know,
we've taken 11,000 steps.
I think this is a pretty a pretty
[music] productive live stream, guys. A
pretty productive live stream. If I have
to say so myself,
[snorts]
how long does the money take to come?
It's going to take a while. Bisha for
life. Here's the thing. Is blowoffin
[music] giving you the money? So,
um, I sent it to my blowofin people.
They haven't read [music] it yet. All
right. They will read it. Trust me. My
man, he he's he's a good friend of mine.
He'll read it. When he reads it, he's
going to submit it to his boss, and his
boss is [music] going to authorize the
money, which will be dropped into your
trading account. All right? It's going
to take some time. All right? It's going
to take some time. All right? If it was
a if it was a giveaway where I was
giving it away, I would have given it
away already. All right? And we do do
those giveaways as well.
Big shout out to Evan Aldo, by the way.
I know he's not still here, but I still
have his thing pulled up. I still have
his thing pulled up.
Yeah, this is some boring stuff, but I
guarantee as soon as I end the stream,
we're going to we're going to rip. As
soon as I end the stream, we're going to
rip. All right, but beast of for life, I
have to let you know this is [music]
this is um you have to trade with this
money. I don't think you can withdraw
this money. You can withdraw profit, but
I don't think you can withdraw this
money. All right, this is for trading.
So, you trade with the 500, [music] you
could 100x leverage it, put 50K on a
trade, and you could withdraw the
profit.
Yeah, Evan Aldo is legit. All right,
he's legit. You can always tell when a
YouTuber is legit because
he's not trying to shill you anything
and he's not a big channel
and he [music] just travels the world
based on his crypto trading profits. You
know, he just travels the world based on
his crypto trading [music] profits. You
could tell he's legit.
You know, you you you met Evano and Evan
Eldo. Evan Aldo in Vegas. Dave Digital,
that's what's up, man.
You know, I will never go to a I will
never go to a crypto conference. I'm
just not that [music] kind of guy. I got
into crypto so I could stay home. I
didn't go so I could hobnob with people
and network and all [music] this. Don't
give a crap. No offense. I I love
everyone in the crypto space. You know,
if if I'm ever in your area and you're a
crypto YouTuber, you know, [music] I'd
love to get together with you. You know,
I would get together with Evan Aldo. If
I'm ever in your area, Dave Digital, I
would get [music] together with you,
bro.
We'd go to Planet Fitness together. We'd
get a lift on. We'd get [music] a lift
in. But I don't go to crypto
conferences. It's just not my thing, you
know?
We're going to rip and dip. All right,
let's see what happens. We're starting
to Let's pull back up the order flow.
What do you know on the order flow?
There's a lot more shorts to squeeze
here to be honest. You know, there are a
lot more shorts to squeeze [music] here.
So, we'd have to we'll have to wait and
see how it plays out.
I am glad I took I locked in a profit
here. I I [music] just I just um we're
coming to resistance. Yeah, let me do
it. Let me take a profit.
Shout out to Izzu from Brazil. God bless
[music] you. Thank you so much for
stopping on by. I appreciate you. Could
you get us some live streams with other
traders [music] I know and respect?
Yeah, I mean I I collab. I've collabed
with so many people. Evan, Aldo, [music]
Andy from Bitcoin Census, Tino. Me and
Tino did a collab, but it never went
live. All right, so just for the record,
Tino, [music] and me and Tino might do a
collab in the future for sure.
Cryptoface
Daniel from Char Champions
Miss Teen Krypto.
Um, [music]
Crypto Princess.
Um,
Crypto Crank. How could I forget Crypto
Crank? Uh, Trader Gio. I even had Alex O
on my channel once.
Um, who else have I collabed with?
Tom Crown. How could I forget Tom Crown?
Multiple times. Tom Crown. Um,
I did I've done tons with Cryptoface. In
fact, one of the reasons why I'm so
popular and everyone everyone loves
Jason Casper, you know,
is because of that that first live
stream I did with Cryptoface. The first
live stream I ever did with Cryptoface.
Let me tell you all about it. All right.
I was in the bathroom taking a dump one
morning charting as usual
and I was watching Cryptoface's live
stream
and somebody in the chat said Jason
Casper's here and Cryptoface asked if I
wanted to join and I said yes. So, you
know, with my pants around the ankles
and the camera turned off, I went on
Cryptoface's YouTube channel
in the bathroom that one morning and I
got a lot of subscribers because of
that. How could How could I forget Bit
Boy? I've I've had Bit Boy on my
channel. I [music] had Bit Boy on my
channel. I had Ben Armstrong on my
channel.
Uh yeah, I had Crypto Me and Cryptoface,
we've done Mad Collabs. Me and
Cryptoface go back way back.
Do a collab with Billy Casper Bible
Stories. It's the Billy Casper Bible
Channel. Billy Casper Bible Channel. All
right. I do have a the Billy Casper
Billy Casper Bible Bible Channel.
All right, this is my Bible channel.
Check it out.
If you're interested in Bible stuff, the
Billy Casper Bible Channel.
All right.
Yeah, maybe I'll do a collab with Billy
Casper Bible Channel. Maybe I will.
Maybe I will.
It's ripping, says R. Pink. Is it
ripping?
I hope so. [music] I hope this rips.
This could be the introverted head and
shoulder. Let's see. We really need to
reclaim 79800 before I get excited about
the rip.
It's funny how so many people in the
chat
are bullish and bearish. Big shout out
to Blofin, by the way. Blofin. Well,
where whales are made. Where whales are
made. All right. Big shout out to
Blofin. where whales are made. Speaking
of blowofin, not only do I have their
hoodie, which says blowoffin across the
hood. I don't know if you can see, it
says blowofin across the hood. You
probably can't see cuz I got water on
the camera cuz it's raining out. I got
water on the camera. Yeah, that looks
real bad. You guys won't be able to see
my blowfin chain.
The simple turns podcast.
You have a podcast, Dave Digital?
I would be on your podcast, bro. That'd
be cool. I don't I don't know what Dave
Digital sounds like. I want to know what
Dave Digital looks like.
Yeah, I used to do around the
blockchain.
Yeah, good old Around the Blockchain. I
miss around the blockchain.
Um
I like Tino, too. He's a good guy. Tino
is a good guy. Cryptoface is a good guy.
Look, everyone I've ever met in uh the
crypto space has been a good nice person
to me. You know, a good nice person to
me. Dave Digital has a podcast called
Simple Terms. Is it on YouTube? [music]
Dave Digital.
All right. DM me, bro. DM me on Twitter.
Every Saturday at 9:00 a.m. Oh, no. I
won't be able to do that, bro.
I won't be able to do it.
I'm pretty much [music] I'm unavailable
every Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
But anyway, DM me anyway, bro. I want to
check [music] it out.
I thought whales are made out of sperm
whales. No, they're not made out of
sperm whales. They're made out of whale
sperm. You got the wording backwards
there. You got to got a little got to
flip it around like [music] that. You
know, [singing]
>> every Saturday at 9:00 a.m. you got a
podcast. [music] That's what's up.
Digital
That's what's up,
Mr. [music] Pitch. Yes, Divine Hood. How
could I forget Divine Hood? I've had
Divine Hood on the channel. How could I
forget about Divine Hood? Yeah, I love
doing collabs, you know, but they're
hard to do. They're hard to do, you
know, cuz [music] you got to collab with
the two people and then,
you know, they're a little hard to do.
Um,
Misty and Krypto went to Dubai.
She doesn't live in Dubai, does she?
Dave Digital's going to DM me. Let's
see.
You going to DM me now. Dave Digital,
tape it on Friday, show it on Saturday.
>> Yeah. Crypto lifer. How could I forget?
How could I forget Sam? I've collabed
with Sam. I've hung out with Sam in real
life. Hung out with him and his whole
family multiple times. I love Sam. He's
an awesome guy. I love his whole family.
My kids like his [music] kids.
My wife likes his wife.
I [music] like him. He's a cool guy.
>> Yeah. [music] Good old Sam.
All right.
>> Yeah, I've had Trump on stream. [music]
I've even had Trump on stream, you know.
I've even had Donald Trump on my stream
before.
Oh, you're reorganizing Billy Goat
Tales. Interesting.
So, it's like a podcast [music] form now
instead of like a Twitter space. That's
cool, man.
That's what's up, man.
Real Data PhD sent me a DM with some
remedies for the bugs. That's That's
[music] cool, man. Thank you. Data PhD
DD can just a IU in a few A IU and just
sign.
I don't understand Art Pink what you're
saying, but I [music] don't know if
you're talking to me or not.
Oh, you're talking to Dave Digital. Dave
Oh, he can AI me. Oh, I get what you're
saying. Dave Digital. DD. When I hear
DD, I think of Dunkin Donuts [music]
now. I think of Dunkin Donut. I had
Obama on stream. I did have Obama on
stream. Let's see if I still have Obama
on here. [music] Do I have Obama?
Let's see. Let's see if I still have
Obama.
Oh, man. Do I still have Obama?
I think I have Obama saying, "Yeah,
Jason Casher is the best transcarbon
binary mission gender studies major."
Deborate 200,000 subs.
>> Not sure if [music] I have it.
>> Jason Casper, let me tell you, that man
is something else. A true warrior for
change. He's the first ever trans
non-carbon binary mission gender
standards major to ever reach 200,000
subscribers on YouTube.
>> Yeah, I got it.
>> Jason Casper,
>> I got it. I also I think I have a saying
that me and Michael I mean me and Jason
Casper didn't expect this to happen.
No, I actually don't have that one.
The files not found. That's [music] sad.
Um
I have Sam Pricing the pump song.
We're going to bump. No, we're going to
do We're going to bomb. No, we're gonna
dumb. We're gonna bomb. No, we're gonna
dumb. We're gonna bomb.
[groaning]
We're gonna bomb. No, we're going to d
>> I love how at the end of this video, I
get a notification.
Fartcoin
breaks 1.1 USD. There's the perfect way
to end that uh [music] that little clip
there.
Um let's see. There we go.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, the problem with these AIs is that
everyone's so old now. Trump is so old.
The Trump AI I have, he's looking real
[music] young, man. Trump looks so old.
Trump acts old, too. Now, I I hate to
say it, but Trump start [music] whenever
Trump has like an offscript press
conference, he Joe Biden's like crazy.
He just rambles on, bumbles on, making
[music] awkward jokes and stuff,
right? Carl from the moon driving to
McDonald's.
>> [music]
>> Do I still have me and Carl go to
McDonald's?
Let me [music] see. I'm not sure.
[music]
>> Hello. Um, I would like to get a Big Mac
meal.
>> Right. Coming to a theater tour near
you.
Yeah, I forgot about that one. That's a
good one.
That's a good one. You know, Carl from
the Moon.
You know, I like Carl from the Moon.
I don't think me and him will ever
collab in real life, though. We've we've
talked a few times, but
he said if I ever come to Dubai, we'll
do a real McDonald's drive-thru, but I'm
never going to Dubai, so it ain't going
[music] to happen. It ain't going to
happen.
Yes, my real name is Michael. Yeah. Mhm.
>> William is a new subscriber. Is it buy
or sell? Tell me. And stop lossing TV.
This is a no trade zone here. All right.
No trade zone,
man. We've [music] been live for two
hours and 60 minutes. Can you believe
that? Um, does that approach work in
other channels asking for a friend? Says
Dave Digital. [music] Look, honestly
though, William, although it was a
pretty straightforward pickup line, I do
have to [music] say,
um, I know the world of online dating, I
mean, online signals is tough these
days, especially social media and all
[music] these like rugpull scams and
stuff like that. But the the thing is, I
am one of the YouTubers that if there's
a trade to take, I take it. I take it
live, [music] bro. All right, so make
sure to stick around.
>> Make sure to stick around. [music]
Um, Big Macs are pumped full of [__]
says Beta Max memories.
Well, look, when when Carl from the Moon
takes you to McDonald's in his Maserati,
you got to eat the dang Big [music] Mac
meal. All right,
you got to do it.
Um
DW [music]
a Prince 1639 is never going to Dubai
either. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just not a Dubai
kind of guy, you know. I'm not a Dubai
kind of guy. I just
It's just not for me. It's just [music]
not for me, you know. It's just not for
me. I don't like the idea of importing a
city into the desert. If anything were
to happen to the supply chain,
everyone's going to die of thirst.
Alex O can beatbox. I'll rap and Carl
from the Moon can play guitar. You know,
Jason Casper plays guitar, too. Jason
Casper is is a [music] guitar player
himself.
All right.
So,
maybe we don't even need Carl for on
guitar. Or maybe me and Carl can both
play guitar.
Carl can do clean vocals. I'll do the
screams. [music]
Carl can play rhythm guitar. I'll play
lead guitar. I'll rap. And Alex O can
beat box. And Trader Gio has to get in
on it, too. Trader Gio has to get in on
it, too. In fact, me and Trader Gio are
planning to do a studio version of the
pump song. All right.
[music and singing]
>> There's no way any exchange would let
Joe be up 10 grand. This is a joke.
Well, here's the thing. [music] This is
a Dex, bro. But honestly,
um,
>> come on, man. Really? I've been up 10
grand on a lot of different exchanges,
but this is a decentralized exchange
called Antarctic. This is my baby.
All right. In fact, I used to be
featured on the on the on the page. I'm
[music] not sure if I still am. I'm not
sure if I still am. I don't think I am,
but uh my picture used to be on the
website cuz I did have a lot of input in
the design of this exchange here as far
as the aesthetics go and the
functionality goes.
You know, I've been a part of the the
team from the beginning here with
Antarctic,
but this is a decentralized exchange,
man. So, what that means is this is not
a centralized exchange. There's no
market makers. We all provide liquidity
to the exchange [music] and it's traders
versus traders. It's an exchange made by
traders for traders. So eventually the
way the tokconomics [music] and the
ecosystem works is if you're trading on
the exchange, you're providing liquidity
to the exchange. You get paid a portion
of the trading fees and liquidation fees
of everybody else, right? So the the
usually the market makers benefit in
this exchange will all benefit from it.
It's awesome because it is a
decentralized exchange that functions
like a centralized exchange. Like it has
a beautiful mobile app. You could be on
your phone
and
use the app just like you would any
other app, which is really nice.
I've got it pulled up here. Antarctic.
It's blue and purple,
which [music] is the official Jason
Casper colors.
And yeah, all it's all self-custody, so
you're holding all your assets on your
own wallet. You're not depositing your
money into some random exchange here,
you know.
>> But um [music]
yeah, that's the deal with Antarctic. I
love it, man.
The fees are too high in Antarctic.
Well, here's cool. If you sign up using
Jason Casper's link, I have a deal
[music] with Antarctic. 0% limit order,
0.02% market order. Right? That's why
that look, I'm not just showing my
exchanges for me only. It's for you
guys, too. [music] Even on Blofin, you
get 0% limit order, 0.02% market order
on Blofin.
All right.
Only I have these fees. No one [music]
else does. I have deals with the
exchanges. I say, "Look, the Casper
crew, we need low fees. We're scalping.
We're in and out. Look, we're, you know,
we're up 10K as some Joe Schmo. We we we
we can't be paying these [music] big
fees. All right? We're not Donald Trump
up in here. We're just Joe Schmo. We
need the low fees." So, they hook it up.
They hook up the low fees.
Yeah, blue and purple candles increases
the win rate by 50%. [music] That's
true. Uh 100%. Um Memory Man. [music]
100%. Bro, was that Memory Man? What
happened to memory man? I could have
sworn I just saw Memory Man say that it
increases [music] the win rate by 10%,
but then he disappeared here.
Memory man disappeared. [music]
How am I always in profit? How I'm not
always in profit. Look at my trade
history, guys. I've been very, very
clear and honest with everybody about my
trade history.
All right. I've shown you guys every
single trade that I've taken since March
for over a month and a half for two
months of every trade that I've ever
taken. Look at the wins. Look at the
losses. I've got the wins. I've got the
losses. All right. I'm not always in
profit. Here's the thing. You notice,
look at my wins are much bigger than
[music] losses for the most part. All
right?
Because the thing is, right, in general.
All right. The like I've got some big
wins in here. 32K,
13K, 20K,
7K, 12K,
63K.
>> [singing]
>> 18K,
9K,
right? [music]
>> These are some big wins. I I put all
this I've showed you guys my win rate is
less than 50%.
All right, but I'm still profitable
based on my strategy.
All right, so I'm not always in profit.
Here's the thing. I don't understand why
people don't understand that if a trade
is in a loss, for the most part, I've
taken like one massive loss by accident,
but in [music] the most part, I'm not
risking more than a couple grand per
trade. So, if my trade doesn't go my
way, guess what? Am I going to hold it
in the red for five months? No, [music]
I'm not. I'm going to close it out for a
loss and wait for the next trade. So, of
course, I'm always in profit because if
the trade is in the green, then guess
what? [music] I'm gonna hold it, man.
I'm gonna hold that trade,
you know, gonna hold that trade,
you know, like the other trade I'm in
right now,
you know. Look at the look at these
trades here, [music] these trades over
here as well.
I've got some massive wins racked up.
65K.
That's actually pretty much the others
are are are pretty much, you know, small
wins and small losses.
But that's the thing. I'm not going to
hold those losses forever. I'm not that
kind of trader, [music] right? These
trades I'm in right now, I've been
holding them for a long time. I've been
holding that long trade since March
27th. I've been holding that long trade
since March 27th, guys. Isn't [music]
that crazy? the one that's up right now,
the one that that $65,000 win that I'm
in right now, I've been holding that
since March [music] 27th. So, it looks
like I'm always in profit. I've been
literally in the trade for over a month.
You get what I'm saying? These trades
here that you see [music] here,
this short trade, I've been holding it
since Sunday. [music] All right?
So, I've been in the trade already
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. I've been in
four days. So, last [music] four days I
have been streaming. It looks like I'm
always in profit. It's cuz I hold my
winners and my losers, I close. Why
would I hold a losing trade like that?
>> You know what I'm saying?
[music]
>> So that's why I'm always apparently in
the in the profit. I hold my trades.
Right now I'm in a short from 97K.
[music] So like if we were to be like
dumping tomorrow and let's say we're at
like 30K tomorrow, I just pull pop up my
trade from 97K in this epic trade. But
I've been in it for a long time. But
here's the [music] other thing about
Jason Casper is that Jason Casper lets
the community know when he takes his
trades, right? So the long trade I'm in
right now,
right now, this long trade up $4,500.
Told [music] the community this morning.
I took it. I told I I gave the setup in
advance. When we came to the level, I
said there's no long for me yet. I'll
let you know. Then I let everyone know
at 113. All right. The short trade on
May 10th. Let everyone know I've taken a
short here in the Casper crew. I'm
letting people know what I'm doing. Step
by step. All right. Step by step.
[music] I'm letting people know what I
do. All right.
So,
I'm trying to be [music] pretty dang
transparent here. I'm telling people
what I've done. Added to my short this
and that. Like everything I've done
since Sunday, I've let people know. All
right. Giving my plans. Letting people
know what I'm doing. Letting people know
when I'm hitting a TP.
Um,
>> letting people know I've taken a long
here. Yesterday morning, we took the
dang long trade. Locked in a couple G's
yesterday. All right, Sunday was the
short. So, every day I'm in here, I'm
giving my plan. [music] I'm telling you
what I'm looking for. If we come to a
level, I let people know what I'm doing.
Entered half the position size. If we
get another drop, another half, blah,
blah, blah, blah. Right? So,
that's how I'm [music] doing it.
It ain't no secret.
All right. [music]
That's That's what we're doing. That's
what I'm doing in my in my community.
And it costs less than $2 a day. You got
some people charging literally like $500
a month to show a chart. [music] I'm in
here. Not only am I showing my charts,
I'm doing multiple VIP live trading
streams. I'm updating [music] my
community as I'm taking the trades at my
key levels. I'm giving the setups in
advance. And we got three other
instructors in there doing the same
thing for less than [music] for like
$2.20 20 cents a day, baby. So, these
trades I'm in right now, these are
trades I have taken [music] and I have
told people the moment I've taken them.
So, just want to say that as well.
Yeah, small wins, small losses, big win.
That's that's that's pretty much my
strategy. Small wins, small losses,
[music] big wins.
You sure I can make money rapping?
>> [music]
>> Well, I do make money rapping. It's
funny because technically today while I
was rapping, I [music] made money. So,
yeah, I technically do make money while
while I'm rapping. Isn't that funny?
That's what's cool about being a trader.
Um, [music]
>> bluffin made 34 million in the last 3
months. [music]
Yeah. You know, sadly, the name of the
exchange business is the exchange makes
money when people lose [music] and the
exchange makes money when people win.
Here's the thing.
You
have the ability to choose when, whether
you trade. You have the ability to do
your analysis. You have the ability to
use [music] a good risk management. The
market is going to do what the market's
going to do, right? If you're in this
trading game, you can't be mad at the
exchange for making money. They're a
business, right? But if you're a trader,
guess what? You're also a business. So,
handle yourself as such. Handle yourself
as such and don't get mad because the
exchange makes money if you get
liquidated. Instead, trade with good
risk management. You stop losses and all
that [music] stuff and then everyone
benefits.
Can you clarify the fees on Antarctic?
Yeah. So, if you use my link, [music]
you get 0% limit, 0.02% market. If for
some reason [music] you sign up using my
link and you don't have those fees in my
free Discord, big shout out to Blowin.
You could tell I'm a real show. Look at
this. Look at that. Look at this hood.
It says Blowin across the hood. Can you
guys read that?
I didn't even know I was going to get
this hoodie. That's how much Blow Fin
[music] loves Jason Casper.
Blowfin showers me in gifts. They really
do. I didn't even know I came home one
day, there was a box from China. Always
a scary thing.
Opened it [music] up. Blow fin hoodie.
Blowfin gave me a blow dryer to blow dry
my hair. Blow fin blowdryer. Isn't that
crazy? [music]
>> Shout out to Jose. God bless you, man.
God bless you, [music] Jose.
Um,
if you don't have the fees on Antarctic
in [music] my free Discord,
go to the Antarctic support channel.
They will hook you up. All right. They
will hook [music] you up. They will hook
you up.
Philippy Lake Colin got liquidated so
many times. Noah would [music] be proud.
>> I've gotten liquidated many times as
well. I got liquidated on live stream
during the pump zone on a 100x leverage.
Those were good times.
Those were good times. Shout out to my
man from Dubai. God bless you. Bull flag
is resolving.
Yeah, we got the [music] bow flag
resolving here,
man.
You late to the stream, Ni UK drum and
bass. Well, we've been live for two and
a half hours, bro. It's been the most
boring two and a half hours ever. We did
pump up in the beginning,
you know. Is Bloferin from China? I I
don't actually know. Probably. Isn't
every crypto exchange from China?
They're all like they're all somehow
like Chinese, but they're all located in
Dubai somehow. I don't know how it
works. I honestly don't know. But when I
do know when I get the stuff from them,
it has like Chinese or some kind of
Asian language. I don't know. I don't
know if it's Chinese, Japanese, Korean.
I don't know. I don't know.
But shout out to Nile UK drum and bass.
God bless you, man. [music] Good to see
you up in here. We're hoping we're
hoping to reclaim 79800 to to change
market structure. Bullish. Looks like
we're rejecting from the local golden
pocket right now. I'll bet I'll bet you.
Let's pull it.
Let's pull the local golden pocket
from here to here. Yep. Look at that.
[music] Projecting from the local 61.
Bitcoin has taught me never to be
optimistic. That will pump. That's
actually a good a good a good thing to
live by. Is [music] there an egg code
for today? You know what? Let me get you
guys an egg code right now.
Let me get you guys an egg code right
now.
Yeah, I'll get one right now.
I'll get one right now. How about that?
10,000 unrealized isn't enough to get
stop hunted.
Honest, let's be honest. The stop hunt
has nothing to do with how much profit
you are in.
It does [music] not. All right. The stop
hunt has to do with market structure.
The stop hunt has to do with market
structure. Let's be honest.
All right,
let's see here.
[music]
All right, the egg code for today, guys,
is [music] market. Market m a r ke t.
Yeah. So [music] it's it's market
structure that is the stop hunt, right?
Like for example
I mean let's just look at this from from
yesterday, right?
Why why did we come up to this level,
right? Why did we come up to this level?
>> It's because whenever [music] you have
liquidity, right? high, lower high,
lower high, lower high, lower high,
you're probably going to get stop hunted
[music] there. It's not about your
trade. It's about the fact that this is
a zone where there's a lot of liquidity.
If I'm a big player and I want to fill a
big order short, I need a lot of people
who are going to buy. Guess what? If I
know that there are a lot of stop-
losses here and a lot of stop- losses
here, that means when these get filled
in the order book, that's a buy order.
It's releasing that asset that was
locked in a contract back now into the
[music] market. So now it's free to be
to be bought and sold here. So what
happens [music] is if I want to sell, I
need people who are buying, right? So
really, if I'm a big player, I need
buyers. And buyers are stop losses,
right? So that's that's why stop hunts
happen. It's not about your [music]
trade. All right? This would happen if
you had a $1 trade or if you had a $1
billion trade. [music] uh maybe not a
billion dollars, but you guys get what
I'm saying. It really has nothing to do
with
the market maker going after you
as much as it just is liquidity drives
the market, right? Liquidity drives the
market. Like look at this for example.
Here's another great example. Uh the
trade from yesterday, guys, right? The
trade from yesterday, we were looking at
this level.
Actually we what level were I was I
actually looking at yesterday
I was looking at 798 for some reason a
few reasons but one of the reasons why
is because of this we [music] had all
this all right these are stop losses all
right this is a stop-loss this is a
stop-loss [music] so when I was planning
my trade from yesterday to take the long
from here which we did in the Casper
crew when we made thousands of dollars
[music]
one of the reasons was because you have
liquidity here, right? You know, you
have stop losses here to be taken. If
I'm looking for a big buy [music] order,
I need a lot of sells. Guess what? A
long stop loss, that's a sell in the
order book. A sell in the order book, a
sell in the order book, a sell in the
order book, a sell in the order book,
[music] a sell in the order book, a sell
in the order book. So then bigger
players, market makers, whales, whatever
you want to call them, [music] they can
fill a big long order because all of a
sudden there's a big injection of sells,
right? I [music] can't buy if there's no
sellers. I could have all the money in
the world, but if no one's going to sell
it to me, I can't buy. Right? So, you
it's not about your trade size. [music]
It's about where in the market is the
liquidity. Where is there going to be a
big injection of buys [music] or sells
so that the big players can move the
price.
That's at least how I view it. [music]
All right.
Can I say China with a Trump accent? I
can't. I don't have a good Trump accent.
[music]
Um
but you also look for confluence there,
right? So the trade for example from
this level yesterday was also the 786
[music] Fibonacci, right? So we pull it
from low to high and it was our
uh 786 fib. Where did we pull the fib
from?
I guess maybe we [music] pulled it from
here. I don't I don't remember.
Yeah. Yeah. Maybe
maybe it was our 786 from there. [music]
I don't exactly remember how I got that
level, but I do know for certain that I
um [music]
was looking for that exact bottom
yesterday somehow. I you want to find
other confluences, right? You don't just
want to like look for liquidity only.
You want to find like a confluence with
it. So
yesterday
I was looking for 79.8. It was a value
area low. That's what it was. It was a
value area low. So it was a really nice
level.
Yeah.
Yeah. So we were looking for
79.8. 8
[music] from this. All right. So, yeah,
this was the trading idea here. We had,
as you can see, we had all this
liquidity here, right? We had all this
liquidity here. [music] Then we had a
naked weekly point of control, a daily
level, a regular naked point of control,
a 786, and an [music] 886 fib somehow
from there. I don't remember exactly how
I got those levels, but it was a juicy
zone of goodness. And then
when we came there, I let everyone know
I took the long trade. And then I said,
I'll add more if we get another drop to
79.8.
And that's the thing. You want to
combine liquidity with key levels cuz
look at that bounce from the key level.
That is pretty precise right there.
[music]
That's the thing. If you mark your key
levels and you recognize this idea of
like the market and the liquidity that
drives the price, you can get really
like ninja entries because you know this
entry I have here is not very ninja.
This one here is not very ninja. [music]
This one obviously I waited for a move
to the upside. But the reason is because
I didn't have a key level there. So the
fact that I [music] didn't have a key
level means this was my actual key level
here, right? I needed to see price
reclaim [music] this level before I
would consider a long trade, which is
why I told the community, no long unless
[music] we reclaim that level. It's
always better to have an exact level
that you're looking for a bounce from
because then you can get in with a
bigger position size. [music]
Uh, shout out to Splash for our film.
Shout out to Sudep.
Um,
it's a little bit rainy out. The egg
code is
market, right? Isn't the egg code
market? Let me check here. Egg code is
market. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. Let's see.
Yep. Market. M A R ke.
M A R K T.
But all right guys, I think I'm going to
head out, man. I love all y'all. God
bless y'all in Jesus name.
>> [music]
>> Peace.